bs: 2212 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18847 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23137 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21797 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7354 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17542 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8581 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5208 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15426 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12817 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8780 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13561 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3588 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5230 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14410 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16218 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7681 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13770 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3174 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20637 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17052 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13725 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1147 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1013 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6786 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17588 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23905 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15942 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7765 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9479 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16314 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5691 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7967 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7916 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10925 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23945 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14265 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22867 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22757 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4111 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3273 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7498 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7615 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10085 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6668 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22562 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12125 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10437 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22012 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17832 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10648 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16205 is not in the dictionary
bs: 852 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21602 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10530 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24828 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18057 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12568 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19507 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10956 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1595 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19244 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23929 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10438 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22111 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19396 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22381 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22593 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9515 is not in the dictionary
bs: 70 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15510 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1514 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17228 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11114 is not in the dictionary
bs: 858 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12329 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4334 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1755 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22263 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10723 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22193 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12695 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3267 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4716 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23549 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21980 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5064 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17432 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23924 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16729 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4821 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15529 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23782 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16827 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5761 is not in the dictionary
bs: 50 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7644 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10735 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19655 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17595 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12507 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20061 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3443 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16858 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6341 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22806 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12350 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19632 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1254 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9828 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20132 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7035 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19528 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10586 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21078 is not in the dictionary
bs: 828 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21585 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4476 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15948 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11668 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6233 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8614 is not in the dictionary
bs: 765 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6777 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24484 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9873 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7435 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6017 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12105 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9279 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2683 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16386 is not in the dictionary
bs: 35 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3320 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5236 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7759 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2590 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9685 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8957 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8815 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3334 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10877 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19413 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10459 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5338 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7454 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16309 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22081 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15788 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4374 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19840 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20796 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16963 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21428 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21219 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8316 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12390 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22889 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23545 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22116 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21369 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8693 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18792 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11160 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3647 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14925 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22427 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3868 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6316 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22277 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21753 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22066 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3186 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13612 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5089 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3966 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12529 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21692 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18626 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12988 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13107 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20736 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19234 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14757 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11196 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10592 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22896 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14794 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22916 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1507 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22736 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5978 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13829 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9163 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1982 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2680 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18350 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19841 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4620 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15507 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23731 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10212 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19747 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16536 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21934 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4506 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22560 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17500 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19041 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2121 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4096 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13368 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19847 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12494 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24414 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7514 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22505 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3013 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2229 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12916 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4165 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3087 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3392 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8876 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1786 is not in the dictionary
bs: 256 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3587 is not in the dictionary
bs: 135 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24647 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3129 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13129 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18468 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4388 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2057 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11524 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23646 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1972 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21890 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6674 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2495 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22581 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21943 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13033 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12732 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16104 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12155 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15943 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16361 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5211 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11871 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12508 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17739 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3375 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20901 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9518 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5817 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11340 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13672 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20454 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18753 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16886 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22671 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15028 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9706 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20834 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6665 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23882 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18691 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12154 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22744 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6562 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15561 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9264 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17188 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10014 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23502 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10994 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6325 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16824 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15060 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19227 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13364 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9460 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2523 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18275 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13250 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2605 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3021 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17707 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1789 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12875 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1863 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2339 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5317 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6638 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15076 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22162 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16470 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7404 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9422 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12896 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17267 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4817 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13317 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16670 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15372 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18110 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17219 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4641 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24179 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13970 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3709 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17945 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7243 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16797 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16069 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3097 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11641 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11890 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12183 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16143 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3905 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16078 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13068 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17434 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21877 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22638 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13337 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24514 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2661 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10737 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19578 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12455 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19569 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6920 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21027 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4266 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5053 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3734 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9578 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10992 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23107 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2410 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5270 is not in the dictionary
bs: 166 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10693 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11815 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24022 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22816 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23419 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10839 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23196 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6407 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18996 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4663 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18158 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1295 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1935 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3875 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12867 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10394 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24403 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20280 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3323 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5274 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3891 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20990 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7257 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7458 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17505 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24985 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20482 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19519 is not in the dictionary
bs: 48 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16573 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22497 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12288 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11827 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11804 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19843 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8687 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15616 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10749 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3095 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24364 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16203 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7807 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24652 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22112 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8065 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17871 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3170 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12724 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12562 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14339 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8750 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17627 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12449 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5169 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17755 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6374 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19439 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18296 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7965 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19130 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22654 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9502 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21069 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15517 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20237 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24705 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12440 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22667 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8683 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23532 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8266 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18471 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1805 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19300 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3484 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24134 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8727 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13412 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3154 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12966 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4560 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13014 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17423 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9833 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22208 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16778 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9755 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1944 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6670 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17548 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5986 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9215 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5699 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10373 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13551 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7140 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16524 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12145 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19708 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7447 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13702 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20155 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11310 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1064 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3131 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10941 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4274 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3682 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5032 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2426 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11482 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1261 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15374 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22322 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15846 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8660 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14233 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8242 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14144 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10798 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2941 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4743 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17227 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3355 is not in the dictionary
bs: 660 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9769 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5776 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11320 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15657 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21353 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1623 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22207 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21911 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6364 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23434 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20602 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13491 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3393 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1424 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10100 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20455 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21368 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14607 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20694 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17365 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24101 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4362 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17045 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10905 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13209 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17337 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12402 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11388 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10771 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5542 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14834 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24958 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8110 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1617 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5950 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9541 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14746 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10149 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12414 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6889 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9371 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8351 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3279 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1951 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6222 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24642 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18289 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2075 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20761 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2576 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11991 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19964 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1372 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15061 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9325 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6664 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19672 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1938 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13592 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14399 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13813 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1765 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1792 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4110 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14471 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1629 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11262 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19553 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19615 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5195 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8881 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5727 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22886 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19674 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11888 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8565 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10762 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24435 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2395 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24643 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1336 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16430 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8029 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7963 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2431 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15315 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5017 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20748 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4961 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18723 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15283 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11194 is not in the dictionary
bs: 258 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23932 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4201 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17329 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9646 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9733 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20620 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8794 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21970 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20080 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24778 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13372 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9986 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10635 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8004 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14100 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17754 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10144 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14053 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24758 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9212 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18256 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8684 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2722 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9033 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12051 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5275 is not in the dictionary
bs: 194 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5394 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24301 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21321 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4900 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21708 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12057 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2147 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3580 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10029 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15357 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19635 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4827 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12827 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7224 is not in the dictionary
bs: 933 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18579 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13538 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7151 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22121 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13452 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24896 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19265 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3009 is not in the dictionary
bs: 187 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17106 is not in the dictionary
bs: 557 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6488 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5886 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10328 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16663 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19341 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12489 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8720 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11624 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24440 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21476 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21121 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9209 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3242 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5856 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5145 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17499 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1386 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22474 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23191 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6951 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13601 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19283 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17292 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18634 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14358 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16348 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11163 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2802 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18547 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23705 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20217 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3652 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1250 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1474 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24584 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4496 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7658 it is in the dictionary
bs: 248 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18377 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3989 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10901 it is in the dictionary
bs: 250 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24370 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17768 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6603 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23794 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2579 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14549 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4872 it is in the dictionary
bs: 478 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17780 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5330 is not in the dictionary
bs: 158 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6028 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4170 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21253 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9451 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9047 is not in the dictionary
bs: 465 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14209 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4400 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17786 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1245 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3359 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11868 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11749 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23746 is not in the dictionary
bs: 477 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24189 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14738 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14248 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11765 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13963 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14923 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13313 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4992 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1263 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4033 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24558 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17068 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20285 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23671 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14435 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15104 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18452 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19967 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9008 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13668 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17310 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2997 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3008 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14962 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15383 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24626 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3683 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24084 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15290 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14334 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12941 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24447 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5842 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18078 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8210 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23163 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21863 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16329 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12566 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22646 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23798 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10740 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23430 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6996 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3176 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15802 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24153 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23799 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5181 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2561 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7569 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11017 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19412 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4689 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5022 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3134 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20893 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6026 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11830 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12319 is not in the dictionary
bs: 88 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1236 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23104 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14819 is not in the dictionary
bs: 277 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11717 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2525 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7560 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16365 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21210 is not in the dictionary
bs: 901 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3705 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14909 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15448 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17719 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24556 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13185 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24795 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13326 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14547 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10242 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21678 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14707 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2728 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12623 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15888 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19905 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7113 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9160 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19577 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22248 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7490 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24506 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15784 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2139 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3947 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10823 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15195 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2933 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1720 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1425 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22865 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12972 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15043 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19499 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19237 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12792 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5972 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2187 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14128 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5774 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11560 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1435 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24832 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20245 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17396 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3535 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1703 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20185 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14507 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24140 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22516 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5120 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24147 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18092 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6391 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16434 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12669 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4557 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10777 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10641 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3367 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16149 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13228 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14121 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9113 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1448 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20787 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3368 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7970 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2173 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3557 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10812 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17510 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23084 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18128 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16455 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2422 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1325 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10548 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21231 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2060 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15109 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12965 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9014 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6157 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4880 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17189 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3329 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13812 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6902 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9019 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19698 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14224 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11923 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6782 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9742 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16759 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13279 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21874 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6705 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22940 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9383 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16843 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10591 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16815 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20356 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18785 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9021 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1126 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3485 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21653 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18087 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8149 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8030 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13365 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23878 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3332 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22941 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19611 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17339 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24342 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12065 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17433 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17747 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22105 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6440 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18260 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6375 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13626 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20113 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24861 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24541 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13394 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11772 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9776 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2404 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14075 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3121 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18453 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3524 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4149 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2449 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9708 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2874 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9564 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8299 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4354 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12189 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5893 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1937 is not in the dictionary
bs: 519 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17868 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12090 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17240 is not in the dictionary
bs: 725 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17301 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20534 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23675 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23995 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18436 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23256 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6342 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4647 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3539 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17908 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24315 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19981 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16322 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11861 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19712 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23580 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23561 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14647 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24439 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8429 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10005 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12198 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9334 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11181 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11635 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21729 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19613 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14436 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5457 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3162 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4525 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3687 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17559 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3547 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5383 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12949 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23831 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21165 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2180 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20438 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1971 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23942 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4871 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4461 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11856 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11590 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21116 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10959 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20648 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13542 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18462 is not in the dictionary
bs: 784 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20631 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16623 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20798 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11126 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24886 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17626 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2551 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17749 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5090 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10061 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17474 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12124 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12297 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2265 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11526 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23118 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16305 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12607 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6385 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16198 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15284 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22818 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19540 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8239 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13305 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11277 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12163 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11863 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7594 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6523 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13837 is not in the dictionary
bs: 219 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9898 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15799 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20222 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6590 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14955 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16978 is not in the dictionary
bs: 838 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15941 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13197 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2067 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11168 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16845 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20098 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18874 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3182 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14591 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2940 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6811 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23011 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14896 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16053 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1900 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19467 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23088 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17387 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19972 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12462 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17875 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12811 is not in the dictionary
bs: 863 is not in the dictionary
bs: 146 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19598 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18906 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14772 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20347 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24583 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17071 it is in the dictionary
bs: 867 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13006 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8362 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15704 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2108 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17051 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13938 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24859 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11447 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16228 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22595 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9242 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20242 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24350 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14369 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12635 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23577 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10935 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22259 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11169 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17594 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3407 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24165 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16962 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13050 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1967 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24235 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1761 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10080 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11346 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12918 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19947 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11565 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23528 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17814 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13311 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17885 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13178 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6851 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1021 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13907 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15617 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18848 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20494 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1177 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19296 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13578 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12309 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9069 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24105 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14934 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18678 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17034 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6621 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11290 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10420 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18264 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9153 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5716 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19907 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16296 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11978 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5709 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13830 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6144 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11408 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5227 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22713 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19783 it is in the dictionary
bs: 509 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1058 is not in the dictionary
bs: 380 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7662 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1230 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15408 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16885 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11654 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5303 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8296 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9265 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8170 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9071 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11895 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19247 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15716 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2028 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17673 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2953 is not in the dictionary
bs: 29 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15337 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7910 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1051 is not in the dictionary
bs: 254 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23740 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8317 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8849 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16064 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19761 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12773 it is in the dictionary
bs: 850 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20551 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3156 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4215 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17957 is not in the dictionary
bs: 890 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9688 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16689 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1256 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11022 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20180 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22600 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21375 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18246 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6494 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4808 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11403 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18671 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13160 is not in the dictionary
bs: 314 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13681 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22535 is not in the dictionary
bs: 667 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21340 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21868 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19694 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5892 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21120 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15552 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24714 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11041 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10354 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2783 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8412 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19142 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23295 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13947 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11771 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17543 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11104 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7217 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22895 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5301 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3857 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7991 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6475 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24711 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23721 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17174 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7503 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1868 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19559 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2186 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9657 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9144 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18722 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5326 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6356 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22605 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11247 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24457 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13688 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21008 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14063 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15706 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23309 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15958 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19763 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13470 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1818 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14977 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14546 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11111 is not in the dictionary
bs: 502 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18824 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15251 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23358 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22559 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12068 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6651 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2817 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19689 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23681 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1073 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4065 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10683 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19339 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17686 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10070 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10990 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16559 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6153 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3970 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5516 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9811 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1591 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22647 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15535 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7162 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20739 is not in the dictionary
bs: 123 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14255 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19192 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20018 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4300 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20139 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12580 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14425 is not in the dictionary
bs: 651 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10185 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5445 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4612 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4563 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13776 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22106 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22378 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1837 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23521 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13429 it is in the dictionary
bs: 984 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11255 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6550 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21300 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2206 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16961 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16059 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15091 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24950 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19258 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24697 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17929 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7825 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2821 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23616 is not in the dictionary
bs: 975 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23810 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14348 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20514 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12334 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6472 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23911 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12776 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20075 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22704 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2635 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21403 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7368 is not in the dictionary
bs: 375 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1866 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9084 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7059 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7472 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24184 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19270 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15392 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15379 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8588 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1400 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11282 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7415 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20740 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6566 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11348 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5379 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21195 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21481 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15268 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8808 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20092 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18349 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12615 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11842 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22033 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7417 is not in the dictionary
bs: 826 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1727 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2755 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3253 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12005 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5199 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4955 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19685 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5655 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17948 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3579 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6032 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10198 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1639 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24036 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8471 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2927 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20850 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21266 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8104 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2034 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6469 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22197 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20665 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3055 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8846 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8031 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17178 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12301 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3887 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21672 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9867 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13860 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16627 it is in the dictionary
bs: 226 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2919 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12434 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13608 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11992 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14390 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20498 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6974 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9830 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5971 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20316 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23351 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24918 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19171 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11394 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12177 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1844 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18008 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17641 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3481 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23323 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7745 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11726 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1305 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18982 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20146 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23369 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3276 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6027 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4881 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7568 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7638 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21847 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23021 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18141 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14014 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17933 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24984 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23632 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21058 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16773 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2306 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20445 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20441 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12985 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1258 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13324 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11792 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11562 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20629 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15242 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14157 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4742 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3410 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4684 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3309 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17281 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22563 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18295 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16883 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11602 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4453 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24937 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20957 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9093 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23439 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17129 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22253 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6723 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4865 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20905 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1549 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5377 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24279 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11257 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8041 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5952 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24188 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2391 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23214 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12497 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14531 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15291 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11483 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6267 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2745 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4310 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2472 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16617 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4492 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12363 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17377 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8552 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1692 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18588 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22634 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21976 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9765 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6138 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12056 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8292 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16410 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2801 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20261 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8885 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17728 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1484 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14269 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18862 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8460 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6738 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7881 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1436 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12406 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12357 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1445 is not in the dictionary
bs: 831 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2961 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2309 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14635 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16570 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16195 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9934 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20374 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19306 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10314 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10711 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7321 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7019 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6612 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9952 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10852 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22027 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6633 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13114 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12416 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7826 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8333 is not in the dictionary
bs: 969 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17658 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7154 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22859 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17687 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15115 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22976 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9598 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8049 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23100 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18238 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17723 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15481 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13399 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20256 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13508 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1731 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10089 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17622 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9117 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12182 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1354 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1968 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1948 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1738 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5207 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14816 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16713 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2477 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19535 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17116 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1578 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15141 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6099 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10623 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17348 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20186 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18617 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6701 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12963 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15266 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5510 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19050 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19337 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21427 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2353 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11711 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4667 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24123 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7280 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24169 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23495 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1597 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15306 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11764 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4988 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5731 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19643 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19063 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5802 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20970 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21913 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5412 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1984 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1843 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20339 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22476 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7624 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5387 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22181 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2594 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14408 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12367 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21378 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7058 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16341 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22857 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14967 is not in the dictionary
bs: 968 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7006 is not in the dictionary
bs: 812 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19863 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21986 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2401 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6283 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11824 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16801 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17287 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22482 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15150 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21181 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20965 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20960 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15708 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18968 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8159 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21654 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17122 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14326 it is in the dictionary
bs: 107 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20108 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14948 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15608 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5258 is not in the dictionary
bs: 561 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15177 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16452 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16738 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20728 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14706 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24495 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15593 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6265 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24175 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1443 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20619 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11183 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15243 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22855 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24563 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4460 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5794 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2550 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10915 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6588 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22907 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15008 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4164 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13627 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12404 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15264 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12553 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11967 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2138 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10663 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10466 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17078 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4969 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8556 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9317 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17943 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23262 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16240 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6568 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12340 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8326 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23367 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7244 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13537 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13246 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5605 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18804 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12862 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19681 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8544 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5885 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18924 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4914 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19882 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6081 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22461 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15550 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10168 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14021 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11793 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1771 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7917 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22056 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19033 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3622 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18676 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15304 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20484 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2580 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22680 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19368 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3931 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15560 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19349 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5836 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13611 is not in the dictionary
bs: 72 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12067 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11965 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16656 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17397 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23805 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23567 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6886 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12119 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17334 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24621 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5753 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21534 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24532 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14343 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7915 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19429 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14371 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8671 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16526 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23328 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20511 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12196 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7676 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6841 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21103 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19115 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4399 is not in the dictionary
bs: 353 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14724 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2601 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8177 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4167 is not in the dictionary
bs: 357 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18279 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18095 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4122 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7793 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5730 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17925 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10323 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14187 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12670 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4517 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6332 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5969 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24366 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21034 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6631 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19796 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23008 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2046 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13266 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10581 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10541 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5631 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9553 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10684 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9193 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19454 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15368 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7469 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10107 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10114 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21596 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17309 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8289 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1964 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12418 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7515 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23881 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16004 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14818 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21969 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12152 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15911 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11818 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14835 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4143 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1169 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22481 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13653 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8729 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4986 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18167 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21110 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3467 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4183 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19023 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14965 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10108 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16525 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5384 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2578 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19329 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22694 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5929 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21995 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8422 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18399 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4592 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10772 is not in the dictionary
bs: 426 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7239 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15989 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24349 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15077 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3707 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14406 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16599 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8416 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1005 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16002 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14246 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11716 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8896 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7760 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5608 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2619 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10626 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14679 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1821 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24085 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9695 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10838 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10692 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3593 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6066 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19217 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10123 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8263 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16384 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3599 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12645 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22529 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24459 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14863 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21950 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15010 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18245 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18244 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9791 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3003 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12036 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12885 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22195 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3900 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3771 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18934 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9046 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13214 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19468 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12194 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22138 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3773 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23289 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7543 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2700 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9990 is not in the dictionary
bs: 665 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8972 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1359 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15536 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7755 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3827 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21302 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24083 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11174 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2748 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22779 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23432 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6165 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23359 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23965 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16942 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7212 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13620 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17008 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20527 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14443 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5190 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15393 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10392 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6484 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7317 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2050 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9860 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17669 is not in the dictionary
bs: 944 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12899 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13502 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23353 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2983 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15305 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1823 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15680 is not in the dictionary
bs: 546 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16406 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3609 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20341 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13187 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22296 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9342 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9709 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5047 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11509 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8936 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17861 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11372 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10705 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9836 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18388 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24011 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7652 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24922 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7677 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4927 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16685 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17717 is not in the dictionary
bs: 705 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6358 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4102 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23819 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11435 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10950 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4991 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1568 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15173 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7400 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22765 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23063 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21920 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2277 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21295 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9501 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7596 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11708 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7431 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2058 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10970 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3106 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7877 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11596 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22965 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2355 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15651 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23680 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10677 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20488 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18536 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22631 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9633 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12718 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16389 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2688 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22243 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14211 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24963 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14419 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15161 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17689 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20349 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18986 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8212 is not in the dictionary
bs: 64 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23136 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8698 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3522 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22451 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1061 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8096 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16746 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23738 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5414 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10596 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20308 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17443 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14698 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7598 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22163 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2792 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11192 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11679 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1410 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16475 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21396 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18616 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19927 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21722 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21852 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11758 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14908 is not in the dictionary
bs: 848 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5363 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19658 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5844 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18122 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7509 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14902 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5789 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10824 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4534 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5465 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2509 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19401 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23307 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15085 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19438 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3693 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19670 is not in the dictionary
bs: 368 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4711 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8823 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9385 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20331 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14356 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23364 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4031 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11662 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4703 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1465 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9039 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22000 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22134 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22734 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14320 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5859 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10418 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24392 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1898 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22041 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19125 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11729 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24427 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15736 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9932 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3338 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14548 is not in the dictionary
bs: 814 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4127 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2865 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19925 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11481 is not in the dictionary
bs: 213 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15489 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1536 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1670 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4273 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13112 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12398 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6245 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20338 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15676 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10309 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9792 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24777 is not in the dictionary
bs: 91 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19191 is not in the dictionary
bs: 552 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3420 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9729 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8298 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4676 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10963 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3394 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8390 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15303 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14364 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20662 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3542 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16915 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18378 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21822 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18252 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21676 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22183 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7182 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20837 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11083 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8133 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20745 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24846 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14200 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7574 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19887 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4293 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7974 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19982 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24334 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24877 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23024 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14225 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21562 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14350 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23272 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18777 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19734 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11150 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14370 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1178 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4068 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22678 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2379 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17660 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6162 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20700 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5965 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10492 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4078 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13742 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19219 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3383 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14203 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11244 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15302 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12132 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7485 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24610 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20350 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12814 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11442 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16514 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14843 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1522 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9181 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20658 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9092 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13654 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21156 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4907 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12046 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24156 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18173 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5378 it is in the dictionary
bs: 827 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16772 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10554 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6231 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21336 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9912 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19983 is not in the dictionary
bs: 475 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4355 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15951 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18849 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15055 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18154 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18445 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17320 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9604 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9846 is not in the dictionary
bs: 676 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16206 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22919 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22310 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6271 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17275 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12855 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14825 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2985 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9025 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5399 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9935 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8039 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9637 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15895 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18150 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7193 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19489 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21531 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13619 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8367 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5133 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4658 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22566 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21648 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11879 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5988 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24317 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11105 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11659 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20635 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2648 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18235 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24542 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5056 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13604 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8322 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5468 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18856 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19298 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4284 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18900 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13697 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23497 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11751 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23187 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21944 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16756 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19939 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17153 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24215 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8150 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10177 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9248 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20683 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12268 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10961 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15244 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16266 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2218 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16052 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16705 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16110 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9796 is not in the dictionary
bs: 431 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18017 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19427 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16032 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4092 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19203 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21775 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16828 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16561 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11837 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16969 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13393 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7506 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11761 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15138 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23832 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22125 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7900 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8663 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4535 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19582 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13722 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6857 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4863 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19276 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1478 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15049 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14732 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17286 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10120 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22829 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3438 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19496 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3457 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24233 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21883 is not in the dictionary
bs: 538 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7486 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7690 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4423 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13078 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4348 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15362 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4937 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15385 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15761 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21817 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20911 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6756 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22412 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10380 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15915 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15219 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23371 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13240 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24393 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9692 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9670 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20395 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19514 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13170 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13243 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10933 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12332 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20232 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10702 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12121 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11227 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23243 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2185 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18931 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3052 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8126 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14340 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3915 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9000 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18973 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10291 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17099 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1472 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22255 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2925 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23686 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23846 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10060 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1666 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4894 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3697 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7727 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21760 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11164 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9131 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13378 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12891 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17463 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20426 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7168 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24942 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16855 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23908 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22123 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20160 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18844 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19096 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23183 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6980 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17224 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4419 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23176 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3092 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3107 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1003 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17632 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7253 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1501 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20716 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3945 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16157 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6623 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1194 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9452 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3654 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5166 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1952 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15239 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8279 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1657 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9893 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9412 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11108 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23960 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6266 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6993 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15683 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5386 is not in the dictionary
bs: 247 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4528 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8086 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19762 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21840 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12478 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10720 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24362 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10958 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7528 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1841 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15468 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12279 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12576 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11786 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16103 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22282 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2750 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22031 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3158 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20209 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19968 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5489 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22880 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20019 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20200 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21124 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10295 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20151 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2918 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13148 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4899 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11326 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15624 is not in the dictionary
bs: 896 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2172 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18883 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23004 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11229 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13586 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5320 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24992 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8742 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11511 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20902 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11161 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3177 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6215 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4633 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24154 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20073 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7258 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2368 it is in the dictionary
bs: 492 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7468 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20630 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15733 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13735 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17256 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16397 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4321 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23134 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3766 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11862 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22964 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21549 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1097 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23483 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3278 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11742 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14297 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3582 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21699 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13444 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23764 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17654 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21778 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23000 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16898 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1875 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20767 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17264 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14695 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2438 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4660 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21493 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11115 it is in the dictionary
bs: 66 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19148 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11328 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19881 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9492 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19046 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11007 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2532 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5245 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6336 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21587 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4693 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6139 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8024 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4026 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17607 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16718 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8092 is not in the dictionary
bs: 662 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14847 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21383 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9060 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5401 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21474 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12028 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15072 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3712 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11479 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18066 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2769 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6208 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15327 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17349 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12117 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1015 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24336 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2248 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11791 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17445 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23835 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24018 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11599 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9011 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6675 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8888 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3848 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12714 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9268 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15415 is not in the dictionary
bs: 739 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15694 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4459 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20153 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19612 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23856 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1777 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21891 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17951 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6411 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20613 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9996 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17362 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5757 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19263 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9537 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4228 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16274 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20500 is not in the dictionary
bs: 815 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10536 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11322 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19189 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10629 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21624 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10315 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2061 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9389 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17962 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18472 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9295 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8922 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1512 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20094 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11857 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6995 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16699 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6129 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8389 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18022 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21269 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6735 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2911 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15248 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2478 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17782 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18601 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20026 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9130 is not in the dictionary
bs: 484 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18871 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8531 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21517 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14051 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24092 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20218 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15731 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14295 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1966 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21278 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19624 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24725 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4596 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20189 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23062 it is in the dictionary
bs: 479 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1131 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4231 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8553 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13671 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21503 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5941 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3348 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19138 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11502 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20974 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13581 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4529 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14016 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3570 is not in the dictionary
bs: 28 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9542 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23016 is not in the dictionary
bs: 698 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18193 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2071 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20462 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7333 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7364 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23110 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4311 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5463 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17466 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5943 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1292 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16085 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12745 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18432 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5280 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3357 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4030 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15714 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1070 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14570 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14978 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4604 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17909 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4040 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10058 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18939 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4328 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9856 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15492 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18145 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9296 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4822 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4467 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24543 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9303 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22556 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10931 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11170 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3492 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9817 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19709 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8035 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17084 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5223 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10450 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1068 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2583 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2832 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13289 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10535 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14994 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11052 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8111 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10844 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16930 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5459 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1978 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22136 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15407 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8768 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12950 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19995 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4932 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14276 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11552 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19803 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24423 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15479 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4223 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17011 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10625 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16541 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15483 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17392 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3796 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22423 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16225 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3858 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10511 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17330 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15143 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24625 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17109 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20204 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18526 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18364 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18161 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20332 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10105 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15236 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12011 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16193 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24792 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22693 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19726 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12428 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13605 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9945 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2188 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19405 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19874 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10099 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23564 is not in the dictionary
bs: 534 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18400 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13136 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5268 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9682 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4597 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3783 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15886 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20196 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4219 is not in the dictionary
bs: 270 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24201 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8892 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18493 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3540 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16900 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8033 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8604 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6773 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6596 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16443 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21291 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17593 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3612 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11546 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6228 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11044 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8178 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13895 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23150 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14312 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8845 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24592 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7595 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4825 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10454 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7894 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17346 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17602 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12511 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9978 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19979 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24291 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13232 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7929 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4683 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8181 is not in the dictionary
bs: 264 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12619 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13862 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14096 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20467 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17888 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7396 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23512 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19312 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17413 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6956 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17930 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13419 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12522 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3201 is not in the dictionary
bs: 199 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3954 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4761 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17716 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8081 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19639 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5629 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12141 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4898 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22747 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19988 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2639 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21187 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22960 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2790 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20165 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7247 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12349 is not in the dictionary
bs: 483 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12263 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14064 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4136 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4569 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6997 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8792 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13090 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23714 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10713 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18345 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6095 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18373 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7491 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13773 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5945 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5975 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16086 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12842 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17291 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12516 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24272 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17336 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3826 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24885 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19374 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11014 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4664 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1458 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1031 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4686 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6323 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14918 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14457 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24895 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14690 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21315 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18098 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21885 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14447 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11903 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15430 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7232 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8447 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22035 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13222 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18096 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2714 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22555 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16368 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18631 is not in the dictionary
bs: 616 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3544 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18859 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13588 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24005 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15354 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3099 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23047 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19645 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16289 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7580 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6293 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2963 is not in the dictionary
bs: 67 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21437 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23766 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14382 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12209 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24805 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12582 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17862 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23586 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3971 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15512 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14177 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23073 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1852 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2310 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5306 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24953 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14785 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2314 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7111 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14815 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22981 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4152 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19434 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14678 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5579 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16857 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13641 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24650 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9654 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13918 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2504 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19128 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2531 it is in the dictionary
bs: 278 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6219 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21282 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19020 is not in the dictionary
bs: 172 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1853 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13557 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6845 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15751 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12459 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24694 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8836 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11911 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17394 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23926 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23238 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5712 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24570 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12791 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1324 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19560 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22815 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19392 is not in the dictionary
bs: 333 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7219 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14134 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9764 is not in the dictionary
bs: 951 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21776 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16744 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23957 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14700 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10608 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23491 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3561 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24009 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10233 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12286 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10650 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20220 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2031 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2989 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24095 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8491 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22762 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12331 it is in the dictionary
bs: 515 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23092 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23765 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10505 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24747 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19120 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12454 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9024 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5656 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14520 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24066 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3698 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21296 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23120 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6502 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12498 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21794 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18144 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3060 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7787 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8027 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2685 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24480 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23380 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22670 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22579 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24816 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13085 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24716 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8821 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17928 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9170 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11311 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14826 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24314 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24290 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5609 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5640 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3252 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18477 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6897 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12273 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17058 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16864 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8399 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23078 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9734 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3835 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9672 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3882 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4473 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8842 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2600 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18454 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10125 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16994 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2857 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10096 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24565 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23244 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12969 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13835 is not in the dictionary
bs: 582 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6924 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22050 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4977 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17898 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2658 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5501 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20674 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18386 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19443 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1001 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16865 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1893 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17824 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10066 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14197 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15057 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3566 it is in the dictionary
bs: 293 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24320 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16537 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24761 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2340 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16817 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23665 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9693 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16454 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13213 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3983 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11894 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3802 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20623 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20963 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24143 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4229 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11324 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11203 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8789 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11916 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16081 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13180 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24673 is not in the dictionary
bs: 151 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21043 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24203 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11460 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16643 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9857 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13007 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23918 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24582 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19158 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24047 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16339 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10442 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17115 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9329 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18138 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19464 is not in the dictionary
bs: 762 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23891 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15087 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16535 is not in the dictionary
bs: 580 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2575 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24601 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9034 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15664 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17890 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18610 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7697 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16123 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6413 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10858 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4034 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10128 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18304 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18423 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20563 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9600 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10289 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19935 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10440 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23761 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8958 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10885 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16703 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9647 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20972 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9798 it is in the dictionary
bs: 926 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24793 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2004 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22915 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20496 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7044 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6649 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5767 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24499 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10035 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19497 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18357 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11952 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22175 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9504 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2553 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14650 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15776 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5878 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21085 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8589 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11426 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8464 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9861 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19370 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9493 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7933 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7126 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6152 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10529 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6149 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3701 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12754 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8612 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15378 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19978 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3419 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21267 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24473 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2679 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8355 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7523 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11371 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3996 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18026 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1355 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6677 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5252 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14735 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21466 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9382 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24318 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12591 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16505 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6892 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15848 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5180 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1066 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22008 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14146 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24751 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6915 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6624 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16779 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16984 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3496 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11853 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19600 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20404 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19868 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16248 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14730 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24002 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22265 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1911 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17949 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24998 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4795 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3258 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21830 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1362 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9358 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10698 is not in the dictionary
bs: 732 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9579 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11938 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20642 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7657 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1048 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14508 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18767 is not in the dictionary
bs: 857 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12025 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9469 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17867 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12093 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3703 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7156 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8315 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10036 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20927 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3128 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22051 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16076 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7478 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12078 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20102 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13694 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7065 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3927 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16174 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24090 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17645 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14351 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7526 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22929 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17905 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15538 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12577 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7627 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22021 is not in the dictionary
bs: 206 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14445 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18636 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22404 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2883 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15506 it is in the dictionary
bs: 706 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13193 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2785 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24663 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14703 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19238 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24717 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14992 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3597 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12858 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7520 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15247 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23446 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3331 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10681 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9217 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10358 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13905 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1186 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22809 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14114 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9168 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10553 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2126 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18515 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8608 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2481 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8637 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12652 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23873 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18170 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10265 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10173 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23557 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14259 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15580 it is in the dictionary
bs: 957 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14271 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19391 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20535 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3820 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6485 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9803 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6134 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19099 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20755 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21821 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18067 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23858 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20815 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7602 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8350 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1357 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3680 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12550 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9400 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24300 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16396 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24386 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11422 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1793 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21823 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4973 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10805 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20273 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10660 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13888 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14283 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12715 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17521 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2737 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16958 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24710 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13788 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6258 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24516 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24562 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22854 is not in the dictionary
bs: 351 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1141 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15281 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7441 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2500 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12520 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2643 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16281 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11309 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9041 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9976 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12915 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6839 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6709 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4545 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3665 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4780 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19850 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21205 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10431 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14165 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7300 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2563 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2779 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9447 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24365 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24059 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1165 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21558 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2860 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8437 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18577 it is in the dictionary
bs: 234 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18673 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14102 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24870 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21462 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10544 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16913 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13710 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10624 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23410 it is in the dictionary
bs: 641 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16936 is not in the dictionary
bs: 169 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10165 is not in the dictionary
bs: 138 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10136 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10223 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2759 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22687 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14807 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17742 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2095 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5497 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1940 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18534 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19891 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5354 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13979 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10791 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23108 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13553 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10237 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1322 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10518 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19252 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21690 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4787 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6835 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3266 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11882 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16007 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8585 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5565 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6732 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12415 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22367 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13998 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18011 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18680 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19932 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11933 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12213 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5135 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21637 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6403 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23708 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23384 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20644 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13855 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6987 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7987 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21452 is not in the dictionary
bs: 441 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22038 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14060 is not in the dictionary
bs: 73 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4382 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16089 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9977 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14849 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8745 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17995 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24114 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22456 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6901 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22210 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17431 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18868 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1812 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21006 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23560 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21305 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18315 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10509 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6820 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8861 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1714 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20477 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2519 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22205 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18565 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22995 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20969 is not in the dictionary
bs: 296 is not in the dictionary
bs: 411 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3288 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8596 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13325 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21834 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23250 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14544 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6812 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22057 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24426 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23482 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10402 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18719 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15032 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16811 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14532 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22120 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19357 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5846 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13215 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12465 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4017 is not in the dictionary
bs: 596 it is in the dictionary
bs: 366 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19773 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16419 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21871 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8859 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18549 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6967 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23017 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13231 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3113 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6362 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16859 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19809 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2606 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5099 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4440 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17872 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3482 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7213 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7610 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12224 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9466 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3764 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14229 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16807 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9731 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22090 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24126 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7712 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22145 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4252 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20143 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11459 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9147 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21644 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11274 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20543 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10138 is not in the dictionary
bs: 487 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4854 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11932 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16634 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24010 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4401 it is in the dictionary
bs: 141 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8335 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2659 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6691 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14001 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11235 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23928 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5751 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22103 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7324 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20150 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14574 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10092 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24210 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23592 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2634 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12247 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14733 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14376 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5046 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3322 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15831 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20342 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14228 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22792 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5429 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20439 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3854 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17002 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15949 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9760 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3911 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23879 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18060 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20066 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10534 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5868 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6619 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11434 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20360 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24867 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8548 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13278 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21235 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2452 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12283 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3341 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5364 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24125 is not in the dictionary
bs: 915 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23635 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24198 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3833 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21767 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9959 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14659 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14215 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20829 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12274 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12175 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16771 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22015 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8016 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5627 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22040 is not in the dictionary
bs: 505 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24769 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24424 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12503 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23002 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19899 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24166 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7888 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24405 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24251 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11945 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4217 is not in the dictionary
bs: 598 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8829 it is in the dictionary
bs: 707 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14355 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12653 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1029 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24062 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18333 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14317 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18133 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19440 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13410 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20565 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9139 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15317 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2878 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9736 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23565 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1012 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3660 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18920 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23593 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5041 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1643 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4939 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2473 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14132 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21629 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21987 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20229 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6916 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14747 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11910 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16734 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3914 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9858 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17193 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18814 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14414 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10832 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6291 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4639 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20719 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5591 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7069 is not in the dictionary
bs: 343 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14939 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16947 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12844 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15142 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11847 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23736 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1198 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2131 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11450 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8529 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11531 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18964 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22558 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18731 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9907 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21892 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3643 is not in the dictionary
bs: 755 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21820 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23837 is not in the dictionary
bs: 690 is not in the dictionary
bs: 236 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10025 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3230 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17680 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15945 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23284 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9810 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23498 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6087 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22258 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14109 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21477 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22513 is not in the dictionary
bs: 704 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12930 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13825 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11480 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11756 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1183 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19690 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5150 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19231 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19479 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22922 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2133 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2396 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4344 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8046 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9410 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18574 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12355 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13284 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4086 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1264 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20532 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15703 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4097 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10484 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15976 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2604 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19376 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10372 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19430 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23458 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6973 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17965 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23240 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13448 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7976 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23877 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14374 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5082 is not in the dictionary
bs: 498 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18808 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7041 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16486 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21100 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4765 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15898 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13292 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23275 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23251 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12423 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11156 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6132 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20660 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4902 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2780 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21963 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3391 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11424 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17916 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3408 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21316 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7079 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23542 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8501 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2376 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6833 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19713 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4623 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10825 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14466 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7142 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14982 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1288 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13229 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19358 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16154 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17161 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8414 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20304 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5527 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11079 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13897 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23429 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7063 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5860 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12317 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21525 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2545 is not in the dictionary
bs: 315 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5163 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17173 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10398 it is in the dictionary
bs: 600 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4909 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23517 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21785 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4713 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6417 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6043 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3039 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24221 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18037 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22204 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5779 is not in the dictionary
bs: 496 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22292 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18516 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3567 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1237 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24269 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6013 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23440 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7863 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6106 is not in the dictionary
bs: 328 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7455 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15805 is not in the dictionary
bs: 900 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2035 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3459 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21257 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9762 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23870 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3378 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20869 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23018 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9571 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10482 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16457 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18372 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5040 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23392 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1574 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7763 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18396 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24012 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5013 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5125 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2445 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4197 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23996 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5398 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4739 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21679 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14844 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19914 is not in the dictionary
bs: 541 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1383 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2260 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12919 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20542 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11195 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11186 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10222 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15933 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1955 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12809 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19522 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19886 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20710 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16167 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20030 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13663 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5806 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18223 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18369 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11380 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9274 is not in the dictionary
bs: 747 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11940 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13094 is not in the dictionary
bs: 635 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20000 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5316 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1310 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1150 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10561 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11685 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1542 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9315 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20912 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15313 is not in the dictionary
bs: 854 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24526 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24276 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19323 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16488 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21611 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2962 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4128 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18887 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21801 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3852 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10230 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17770 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16966 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2591 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18359 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1543 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9903 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10468 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22046 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4654 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21818 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17293 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11820 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10972 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20137 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3538 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1319 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4933 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11618 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7716 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4858 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19007 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3141 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7814 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23979 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16504 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24736 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20431 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19699 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17304 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9199 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12226 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18358 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10515 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11609 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11975 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6476 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18566 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23288 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1930 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20705 is not in the dictionary
bs: 38 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5402 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24133 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19521 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24164 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1705 it is in the dictionary
bs: 469 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4578 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16678 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6507 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20541 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9166 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23513 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9373 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21725 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2009 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18428 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19001 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4702 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12741 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10496 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8884 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3219 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14601 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13143 is not in the dictionary
bs: 922 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4308 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22686 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2935 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23156 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8577 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5938 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15518 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10919 it is in the dictionary
bs: 445 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10922 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23443 is not in the dictionary
bs: 225 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7238 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20323 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21502 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14143 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17166 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18439 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21895 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8969 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3235 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21422 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8851 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7097 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6156 is not in the dictionary
bs: 406 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2420 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9136 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11146 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15431 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1060 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11787 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3917 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5462 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21083 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3193 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5428 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4543 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17284 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23059 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16888 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2966 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1682 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12308 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17372 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14140 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15133 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18537 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7868 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16755 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5662 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20921 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5920 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16549 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2316 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12822 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5235 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22782 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20173 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3952 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3828 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21507 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5219 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3648 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18953 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14048 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21853 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6577 it is in the dictionary
bs: 813 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9703 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8318 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3175 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10500 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14182 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24118 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12400 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2435 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3275 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6011 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7141 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13234 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23817 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20434 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1390 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11622 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5481 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4840 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24986 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21581 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23902 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23919 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13458 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5879 is not in the dictionary
bs: 525 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17893 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8028 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2829 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1943 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18056 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15078 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14094 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10465 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22338 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17661 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6986 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5732 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2894 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9905 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3898 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13679 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21707 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6127 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2943 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10403 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5105 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2119 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22442 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7158 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7122 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4269 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9132 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7449 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23514 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19066 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21243 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14770 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8625 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4483 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11276 is not in the dictionary
bs: 150 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14674 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15389 is not in the dictionary
bs: 144 is not in the dictionary
bs: 801 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15196 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21538 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13960 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16551 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4069 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20599 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19314 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23160 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24208 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19269 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20729 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2330 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9075 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1618 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3739 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6632 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6983 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7614 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22237 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13233 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17604 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19781 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9459 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21429 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18858 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10748 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23311 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19688 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24970 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24910 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9871 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1538 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6589 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3753 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12650 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21701 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3284 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24719 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21658 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14813 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18974 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17986 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10062 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20647 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3364 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22959 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15645 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7680 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17070 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7570 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23529 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16208 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10973 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17455 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13225 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11829 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9554 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5915 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14184 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7586 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8834 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18003 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13145 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18352 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20311 is not in the dictionary
bs: 952 is not in the dictionary
bs: 663 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21906 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4314 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11026 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24862 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7902 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11429 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21947 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22262 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2143 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22945 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22236 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2144 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3738 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7667 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2221 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7085 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23401 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8775 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14335 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10018 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11878 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7764 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19793 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14500 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13156 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1751 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5553 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5472 is not in the dictionary
bs: 372 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20279 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16739 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14506 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2526 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2242 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23860 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17299 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19307 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10287 it is in the dictionary
bs: 750 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9843 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17721 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23737 is not in the dictionary
bs: 239 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12276 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7226 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23788 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16347 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1708 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20886 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3500 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18297 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8847 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10568 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23161 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22432 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8562 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1908 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10407 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21244 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24768 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6692 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17439 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8438 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2763 is not in the dictionary
bs: 32 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13276 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2373 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21329 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9157 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12856 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3473 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24436 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3247 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9885 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23986 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19732 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4979 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8740 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20249 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23670 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7327 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7100 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22329 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22229 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17584 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9192 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5336 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14031 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17215 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22383 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3521 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17456 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18955 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23757 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2405 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13583 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1816 is not in the dictionary
bs: 133 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17366 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8499 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9767 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5927 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6715 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23157 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2429 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8061 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20322 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12487 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18600 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15205 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24305 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4316 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2471 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22786 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14882 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14047 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11876 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6969 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20293 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13132 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6037 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23579 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23345 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10340 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22300 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10199 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23267 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9719 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4365 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15371 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16959 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22321 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20228 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22249 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20785 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18337 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3606 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8793 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24603 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14041 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8205 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6554 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9297 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9185 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1044 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5048 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14412 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11428 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2698 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14101 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1892 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20012 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22679 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14324 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2543 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12835 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2304 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2897 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15181 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7115 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2588 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21829 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21553 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3314 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15068 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21790 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1367 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5319 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17590 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12481 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4236 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23897 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7780 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4696 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18905 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15293 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1783 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21539 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6000 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3417 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7822 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2631 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12098 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13072 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22213 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18104 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14291 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21728 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23347 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7659 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16343 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5438 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7870 is not in the dictionary
bs: 543 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21671 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20894 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19704 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13956 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24726 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10912 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4917 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1849 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12917 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19055 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24306 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3865 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2412 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5721 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9164 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1259 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15144 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16137 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9754 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13463 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5246 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13295 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4056 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19222 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20828 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10411 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10890 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1419 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21804 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21815 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9944 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12973 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15222 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6921 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18250 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19038 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2754 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2640 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17536 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23030 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1360 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9991 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2196 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4053 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1871 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10817 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12445 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17718 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21154 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8026 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1979 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23006 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23575 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19806 is not in the dictionary
bs: 266 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20056 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14160 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6468 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21605 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4719 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18842 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7096 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13706 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9416 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9561 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1647 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19213 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20789 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4763 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20452 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13582 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1033 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17062 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10969 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1116 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8926 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3805 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11399 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3749 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19775 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16013 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2010 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4455 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24257 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18155 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8377 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1212 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22101 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23174 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23036 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11291 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1790 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16417 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5625 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9078 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16313 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15364 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23553 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12003 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15003 is not in the dictionary
bs: 575 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6310 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20809 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13297 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7613 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3529 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2047 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7819 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24503 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10855 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22753 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22201 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22073 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17765 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18952 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10247 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10610 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16805 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13070 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3752 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21560 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1488 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6416 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22622 is not in the dictionary
bs: 435 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17662 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24789 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11650 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4728 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17442 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19093 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18911 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22094 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22472 is not in the dictionary
bs: 626 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22851 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18734 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23142 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11233 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23693 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19859 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20064 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20416 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23198 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20775 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15106 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16233 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19149 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4002 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24737 it is in the dictionary
bs: 47 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8702 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15631 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1753 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18789 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22214 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15558 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17907 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1510 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12722 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24523 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6298 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20711 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13525 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21961 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3607 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12374 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7171 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24646 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1182 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3942 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22681 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7912 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24738 it is in the dictionary
bs: 730 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17822 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12524 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17290 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21260 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17570 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1614 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10211 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5098 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11508 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23760 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9864 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5024 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4673 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24596 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20803 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18774 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21917 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6882 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14726 is not in the dictionary
bs: 486 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23587 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15485 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19249 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20171 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17895 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12446 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13647 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8653 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10716 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15582 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2161 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15459 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16630 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22483 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21814 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20002 is not in the dictionary
bs: 202 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4570 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19668 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17635 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12914 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9676 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4501 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15307 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10619 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23426 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5899 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7178 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2462 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20856 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9982 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15840 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2255 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3941 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17968 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12337 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3909 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23698 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1253 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16120 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1453 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3821 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6105 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21233 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22519 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23917 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24888 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17816 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10557 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7169 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21577 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13435 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12185 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20818 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5076 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18897 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7860 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24507 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9250 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10262 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15495 is not in the dictionary
bs: 398 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7556 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21062 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13009 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8732 is not in the dictionary
bs: 615 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10603 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18561 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8786 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22912 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5807 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9341 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17239 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4482 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8470 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4080 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5069 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17223 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23784 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11848 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3151 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8047 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13082 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20879 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11289 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14155 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9065 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6171 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23710 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1817 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9228 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17918 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7335 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6091 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7524 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2078 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16387 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11858 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18342 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14210 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14307 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5260 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15097 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20835 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6436 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1527 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23450 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13092 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11736 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17017 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22180 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1525 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19920 it is in the dictionary
bs: 100 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6556 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9699 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9266 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8956 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18074 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9603 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19291 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2083 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4744 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17082 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20031 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6955 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17271 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6322 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10192 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7597 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4043 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23524 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16732 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20336 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10841 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16690 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24504 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18567 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2515 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8240 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5220 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13950 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16048 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15204 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4292 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9328 is not in the dictionary
bs: 599 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22650 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7293 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1067 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19262 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2498 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1741 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5117 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23293 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22165 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17507 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2782 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4146 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1830 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3370 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10429 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4411 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16820 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11947 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13524 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7530 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8521 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3592 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23265 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8010 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2090 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19053 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14486 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18779 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11970 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4468 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18850 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23857 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10690 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8198 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11699 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19760 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5323 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23375 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24764 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11193 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17131 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20865 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8430 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9174 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6185 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12149 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22052 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9379 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18277 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24699 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16934 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6178 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19384 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20096 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8285 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15853 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7785 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5536 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6791 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4559 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6036 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1188 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18024 it is in the dictionary
bs: 619 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22455 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4588 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23225 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11338 is not in the dictionary
bs: 89 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13338 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16870 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22467 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6454 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23445 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23012 is not in the dictionary
bs: 186 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14993 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22935 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4286 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20807 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1394 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13638 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12887 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15864 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6480 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18506 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11990 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16377 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18541 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20294 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14346 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5669 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13083 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2646 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7802 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3386 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6504 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16735 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17202 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20861 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15469 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17196 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7493 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10210 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13159 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15567 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2209 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21805 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13631 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17802 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21289 it is in the dictionary
bs: 470 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21384 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19089 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11078 is not in the dictionary
bs: 432 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2013 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9941 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7237 it is in the dictionary
bs: 565 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20685 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16544 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24550 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10255 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5837 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2303 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15700 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11551 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11798 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18247 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2812 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15486 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18195 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6942 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20235 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23624 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17032 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9414 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16635 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6328 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22020 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20614 is not in the dictionary
bs: 893 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10985 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21326 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2647 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13376 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14243 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2038 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3366 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19748 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20176 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14490 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20047 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8503 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1516 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12600 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13139 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14599 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7838 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21237 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7529 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8580 is not in the dictionary
bs: 118 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6330 is not in the dictionary
bs: 550 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10334 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17532 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24448 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1220 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5500 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19212 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17044 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10365 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10109 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13398 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22164 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3452 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1941 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22341 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19351 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23584 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13249 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13877 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10221 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15688 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14404 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16848 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11381 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1223 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5356 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4103 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18554 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8147 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17266 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21304 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1345 is not in the dictionary
bs: 772 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19716 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5852 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14005 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20088 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17818 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13244 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1881 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4949 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17954 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13556 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3202 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2742 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1349 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23404 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24226 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21924 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4942 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15827 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1440 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21015 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22996 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22585 is not in the dictionary
bs: 302 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6687 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2914 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13495 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2585 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5273 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9875 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21469 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5012 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18928 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3861 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21974 is not in the dictionary
bs: 535 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15921 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2928 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24520 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13746 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12691 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23830 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23318 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8219 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17184 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4548 is not in the dictionary
bs: 108 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6879 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24724 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22860 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16051 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4876 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2637 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19073 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13708 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10142 is not in the dictionary
bs: 188 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8406 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19188 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1446 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8933 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8688 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13172 is not in the dictionary
bs: 542 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11706 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4168 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22952 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14790 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5485 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10275 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16745 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15525 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22069 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12912 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5558 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13051 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1082 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8760 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13307 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20881 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14604 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8636 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24150 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11775 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3475 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4575 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23213 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8494 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24120 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20712 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16253 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22863 is not in the dictionary
bs: 115 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1620 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24638 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16357 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23494 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17633 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19930 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15936 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10869 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15165 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4657 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23898 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6255 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5288 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21380 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10217 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14643 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10302 is not in the dictionary
bs: 218 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15858 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11162 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7519 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18134 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7307 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21700 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24360 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19075 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22036 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16667 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4384 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24129 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1413 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6929 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17735 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23060 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3973 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19334 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8498 is not in the dictionary
bs: 996 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15866 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11264 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14935 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17557 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4968 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13753 is not in the dictionary
bs: 671 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6991 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15121 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15571 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5782 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7423 is not in the dictionary
bs: 61 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15759 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12219 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13059 is not in the dictionary
bs: 130 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13179 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13645 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15079 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14971 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7346 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8865 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24051 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6482 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10792 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10697 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24275 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4994 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6546 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16709 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11067 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20564 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3958 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16080 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6044 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18972 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5808 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24323 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17889 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1464 is not in the dictionary
bs: 685 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8557 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2003 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11074 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17873 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16542 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15058 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10117 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10016 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13804 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9491 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9058 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15819 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13501 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19424 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2560 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8017 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13169 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22551 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17207 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13334 is not in the dictionary
bs: 79 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7733 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17409 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19299 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9923 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14091 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7632 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5813 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18255 is not in the dictionary
bs: 693 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1007 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18175 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9483 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23827 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12235 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21186 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21487 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7946 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19610 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6034 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6312 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13118 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13428 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17289 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14765 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2237 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21865 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21933 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18276 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15594 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3494 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11228 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18215 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3728 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6052 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6787 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8571 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18448 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4158 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18869 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21319 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19176 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13923 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23177 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19432 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16733 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3026 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4613 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9585 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6610 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18935 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4443 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8347 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5531 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18757 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17214 is not in the dictionary
bs: 902 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23894 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5765 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20876 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2974 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10051 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19065 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9367 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24729 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4193 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12726 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7124 is not in the dictionary
bs: 674 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9190 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19003 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20777 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8723 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7484 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16921 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10395 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1533 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15961 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12257 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8117 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10347 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11869 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22457 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10238 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10067 is not in the dictionary
bs: 51 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20378 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3629 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18687 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1009 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17004 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13191 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11493 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8105 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24800 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4204 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20889 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17563 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19815 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2805 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8275 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13919 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11563 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6643 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13634 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5780 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19385 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7231 is not in the dictionary
bs: 579 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3594 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9283 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21419 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18340 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17838 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17019 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6913 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16943 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14976 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17190 is not in the dictionary
bs: 448 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23569 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20320 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19827 is not in the dictionary
bs: 204 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1691 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10881 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17807 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10646 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11370 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23055 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6168 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10486 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16272 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20247 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10011 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1373 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19254 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3530 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22771 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12134 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12664 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22398 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10818 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7391 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22629 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4796 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14853 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11180 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8661 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2130 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21309 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8116 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16517 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20940 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5018 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2030 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17374 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13355 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19715 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21303 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10130 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18266 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4327 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19223 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13403 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15588 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21860 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4935 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3025 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24680 is not in the dictionary
bs: 437 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14916 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20772 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12277 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5914 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3460 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21533 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8140 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6827 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5537 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8485 is not in the dictionary
bs: 656 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8717 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19853 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22971 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18794 is not in the dictionary
bs: 419 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10166 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17053 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21342 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16282 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6635 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18690 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21310 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3218 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15494 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14820 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10965 is not in the dictionary
bs: 216 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13239 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4629 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5741 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3446 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7278 is not in the dictionary
bs: 461 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19085 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19459 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21967 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10614 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13674 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14238 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8837 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15622 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7666 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23246 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13475 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4474 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1184 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18473 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14260 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17904 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4261 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6592 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9318 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22844 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21057 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15471 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22933 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15803 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10121 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2788 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7048 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3250 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10565 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22630 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24430 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2715 it is in the dictionary
bs: 117 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7050 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6501 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21991 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9029 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22473 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12993 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8817 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14234 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4670 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10540 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6774 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19755 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13442 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20931 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6746 it is in the dictionary
bs: 275 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1049 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22548 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4756 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2791 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20129 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17492 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21799 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14357 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19604 is not in the dictionary
bs: 260 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5908 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11812 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5493 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16271 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9143 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12569 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15030 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13126 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24855 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11004 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9643 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20458 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1257 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14189 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19281 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15202 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21013 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13765 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6832 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3955 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15126 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24356 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12934 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1314 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21902 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14480 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19084 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17090 is not in the dictionary
bs: 231 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17827 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16987 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14347 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14178 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24104 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3929 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13004 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10651 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24193 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19885 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19245 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1679 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18990 is not in the dictionary
bs: 892 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13041 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5763 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1123 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18553 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24206 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21391 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11597 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7654 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8060 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19366 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5217 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4339 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23425 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17711 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24702 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5876 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14420 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11543 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7669 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2570 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16484 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12955 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8042 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4764 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6831 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14162 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15209 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18270 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21204 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4398 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2957 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9464 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23140 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12947 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3949 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11064 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6565 it is in the dictionary
bs: 162 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18139 is not in the dictionary
bs: 463 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15828 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4873 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2012 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21529 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16105 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1447 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19028 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17919 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14654 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13493 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23896 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11464 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14535 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12351 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10296 is not in the dictionary
bs: 714 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20821 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10370 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7406 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7264 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24943 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23242 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15021 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21032 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17597 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9939 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1087 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4380 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13497 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17119 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3767 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17001 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8193 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11740 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5204 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15641 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20752 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9853 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5623 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20945 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14975 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16465 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14771 it is in the dictionary
bs: 476 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6269 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19844 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16224 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6388 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20811 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13547 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4508 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19157 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12394 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9865 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6866 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13181 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21393 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6573 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4828 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23639 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5838 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22471 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3101 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7149 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23511 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17209 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15131 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3508 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20926 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8397 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17560 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13632 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22191 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21134 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8201 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19849 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24410 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2837 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14011 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10447 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3047 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21317 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12989 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15670 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12552 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16789 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2834 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22079 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8967 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16880 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19000 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23937 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19523 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13369 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19226 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7541 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17759 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12230 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13318 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17250 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14688 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13928 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5577 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3038 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8053 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24782 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5788 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9109 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24733 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9111 is not in the dictionary
bs: 285 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1631 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4449 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2386 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21333 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16286 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12888 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6637 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18793 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23128 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4804 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7330 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2283 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19606 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21844 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18341 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6172 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7959 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13081 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6352 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4377 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6527 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2069 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23492 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9154 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3421 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9520 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12527 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14711 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17577 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13453 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14571 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14171 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7942 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17092 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19779 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5407 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23633 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11070 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1540 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22371 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7270 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15029 is not in the dictionary
bs: 560 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1986 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15455 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19807 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13832 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2168 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23490 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22396 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6810 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9758 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6252 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1969 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19792 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14470 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18450 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18758 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10783 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3505 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2214 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24947 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7862 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11032 is not in the dictionary
bs: 466 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9016 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11102 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8971 it is in the dictionary
bs: 420 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17025 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20358 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4536 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6243 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11075 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15199 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20290 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13347 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14652 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13853 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16028 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19648 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11615 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19132 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24060 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17639 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22289 is not in the dictionary
bs: 309 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20330 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15093 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16330 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3286 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19163 is not in the dictionary
bs: 647 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2056 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6700 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8875 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8125 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5954 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15002 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20559 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3333 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3604 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15319 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15160 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13016 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20090 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7070 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13891 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12608 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2374 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18300 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15766 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10654 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1105 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11936 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18178 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17464 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18032 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16550 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8874 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10467 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18383 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14035 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21687 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16949 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10504 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1099 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2732 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10406 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20756 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12024 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23200 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23473 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12874 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6713 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19652 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6198 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15801 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17516 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1654 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3740 is not in the dictionary
bs: 339 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23143 is not in the dictionary
bs: 947 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18998 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21769 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17238 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2851 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12545 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18159 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16319 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4677 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10259 is not in the dictionary
bs: 74 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4823 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22462 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21959 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3856 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17061 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6883 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23756 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17244 it is in the dictionary
bs: 128 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11733 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19475 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11542 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11956 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21754 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10427 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14329 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7471 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23488 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6461 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11121 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9189 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5546 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4428 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14119 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4783 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14473 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11130 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5848 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15717 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5165 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16285 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9028 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2037 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15103 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6137 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2361 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2929 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13691 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23594 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14062 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23541 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4174 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23572 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6201 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15336 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13331 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17715 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5853 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19860 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7075 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23480 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8655 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3910 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2231 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2076 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16481 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13008 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4101 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20567 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12097 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4644 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2203 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19404 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1433 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24400 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13704 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4802 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19386 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7137 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12488 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18021 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9629 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12146 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14859 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14641 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21565 is not in the dictionary
bs: 577 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24555 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5349 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22072 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18632 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11097 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6931 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24003 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2269 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9807 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16027 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16991 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11784 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3316 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5587 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9398 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10110 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17750 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7684 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17856 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4396 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3149 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22801 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15491 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20377 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1566 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16940 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9088 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6474 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17974 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7087 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20170 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16207 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16111 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12303 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23126 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3972 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16591 is not in the dictionary
bs: 767 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7380 is not in the dictionary
bs: 71 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24416 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6934 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7199 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24177 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1101 is not in the dictionary
bs: 481 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21501 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3464 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2675 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23499 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10533 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4922 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3445 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15025 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7660 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2154 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21087 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4238 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7215 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5997 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2607 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1318 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1677 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11544 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8079 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13202 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9229 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7691 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12307 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18947 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5094 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4751 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11223 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2887 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4770 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21438 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18353 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15672 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5638 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22781 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6141 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24292 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19637 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10932 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16256 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18163 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2923 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21623 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17187 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21996 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22278 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13757 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15901 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2195 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17514 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10200 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5896 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3328 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24806 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8132 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3694 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21574 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1627 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4364 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9140 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16010 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18020 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23144 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8290 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2055 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2285 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19990 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12218 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22611 is not in the dictionary
bs: 513 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13836 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12987 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14941 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15650 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7547 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18875 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7957 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22290 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12113 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19758 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9073 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10280 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24633 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19848 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14173 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1902 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4447 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16482 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1659 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4675 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10073 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8816 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3238 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1092 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14088 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14648 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4184 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17760 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4649 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22440 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23880 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17926 is not in the dictionary
bs: 834 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1414 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18550 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10439 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15726 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23455 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10657 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19634 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8288 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8694 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6785 is not in the dictionary
bs: 397 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10700 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3747 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22354 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5634 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3299 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5277 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20345 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5979 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22391 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11179 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21772 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1499 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19442 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9234 is not in the dictionary
bs: 581 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13894 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24688 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9808 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24331 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24050 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23098 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13219 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7456 is not in the dictionary
bs: 274 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21771 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1832 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9626 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9995 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2430 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2979 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12727 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10572 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20128 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2850 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12924 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14665 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9619 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22353 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12412 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3632 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22071 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7953 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14219 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7804 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12287 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9964 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24230 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10225 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11538 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7833 is not in the dictionary
bs: 602 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11623 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2559 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22955 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11159 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13457 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24687 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24358 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4839 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19788 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18441 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11334 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17858 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15628 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2827 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17734 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12778 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20044 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22307 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1124 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2854 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18735 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24557 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12083 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18752 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5173 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6625 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22530 is not in the dictionary
bs: 948 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12451 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10807 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21255 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12108 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4161 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12106 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8719 is not in the dictionary
bs: 788 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9904 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2611 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4171 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24639 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8206 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21572 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16625 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4341 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5506 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2726 is not in the dictionary
bs: 789 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18268 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6863 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11239 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9110 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3781 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21932 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20340 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18833 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16501 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4041 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13815 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1045 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4634 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14792 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23504 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2903 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14296 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18672 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22003 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13673 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4148 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14029 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14693 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22597 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3251 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18737 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11085 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18791 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2406 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5872 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5055 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10556 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7129 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21837 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1284 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15089 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20852 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4582 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14264 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8168 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21508 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15564 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9596 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9681 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7161 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17378 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9015 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20125 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7336 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19139 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5287 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20882 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12521 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5787 is not in the dictionary
bs: 161 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1492 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19944 is not in the dictionary
bs: 631 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12641 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8364 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13941 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14997 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9899 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20713 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24533 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9806 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13489 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7032 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23306 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23723 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23613 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7855 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24693 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18366 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8534 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2810 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18361 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16806 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7993 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12506 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8902 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22295 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6238 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8781 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19952 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6481 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13863 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15960 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19596 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11191 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3269 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12452 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19823 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4138 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23321 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20298 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14953 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24113 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4850 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22633 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19500 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10202 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9114 is not in the dictionary
bs: 950 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5887 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20387 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17206 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8165 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20259 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12684 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10599 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7983 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15772 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11018 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3756 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1162 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23241 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23294 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20418 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8758 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19325 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11605 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17791 is not in the dictionary
bs: 283 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12758 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15528 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24467 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24522 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1405 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4978 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12269 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18108 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15818 is not in the dictionary
bs: 259 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14113 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24139 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4539 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2456 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5984 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8293 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6695 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8572 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16183 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10854 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13120 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22176 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4209 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24540 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21717 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6618 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1822 is not in the dictionary
bs: 373 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16604 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18479 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1886 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9480 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21197 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8088 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12992 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4366 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8982 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1201 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15954 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11589 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4583 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15064 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15498 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14718 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1901 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4141 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11299 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8962 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24096 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19584 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23849 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9992 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20764 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14313 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18375 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14453 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2234 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8685 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24025 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17037 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24033 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4891 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8163 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19676 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6202 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9214 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5315 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22496 is not in the dictionary
bs: 177 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3800 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5061 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23312 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11849 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21463 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2993 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6912 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17795 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23152 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11801 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11584 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13633 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10204 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24099 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21409 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3283 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9233 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13780 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20640 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12338 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17724 is not in the dictionary
bs: 323 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14302 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9638 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5365 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24599 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8554 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12467 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13402 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7604 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13951 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11139 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3987 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16534 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15873 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13401 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8619 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8202 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4272 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18043 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14220 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4781 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15596 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7901 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2794 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23985 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16629 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13933 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6629 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5512 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15411 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4661 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22270 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21647 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9306 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21738 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5284 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21344 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1347 is not in the dictionary
bs: 786 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20746 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12014 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18072 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8624 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22273 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3189 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14298 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22397 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9894 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1404 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14630 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23678 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8257 is not in the dictionary
bs: 934 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5574 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16427 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16187 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19016 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16796 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20506 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20193 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1025 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14020 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16067 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4412 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7562 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8155 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2777 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20783 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10516 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16063 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3122 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23428 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1315 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16491 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15262 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22493 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24965 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23249 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19166 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4959 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11296 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23552 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10917 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16632 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21105 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15655 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8883 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20093 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15246 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17105 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23259 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6031 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2572 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22447 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8251 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8730 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7913 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5754 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24838 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3335 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17792 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18783 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9377 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7497 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14034 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8514 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9059 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14801 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17649 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3675 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9337 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5996 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5144 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21086 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10695 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8057 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19830 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13358 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4307 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6946 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16044 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15046 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1229 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7552 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12248 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5403 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2040 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1321 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12631 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8632 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22131 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7011 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12588 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17601 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8639 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17241 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20346 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11088 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16867 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9066 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19230 it is in the dictionary
bs: 280 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10355 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4611 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4478 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5653 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22608 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8977 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10921 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1297 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6739 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12255 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20626 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22609 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8436 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5332 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18926 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13820 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18321 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17497 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22437 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1153 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24546 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6797 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15221 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15625 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2224 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13532 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8672 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12902 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7164 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11396 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12298 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3864 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17022 is not in the dictionary
bs: 214 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12260 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24088 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15206 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20916 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8176 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19731 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20552 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15995 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2344 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16642 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24054 is not in the dictionary
bs: 655 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10452 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5122 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10448 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19460 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17024 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22789 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20145 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13607 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21218 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19702 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24787 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13796 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18950 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9744 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22760 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7188 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18186 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11683 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9526 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2442 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15990 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8976 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19824 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2705 it is in the dictionary
bs: 272 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17242 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15409 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16404 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13692 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12169 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18750 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24527 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18420 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20397 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1848 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6158 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6935 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13097 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16303 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9220 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5191 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20727 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4835 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21641 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15720 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13915 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9472 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17706 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7803 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23456 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18533 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13200 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20163 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10357 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23349 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18991 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15013 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24337 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22139 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1266 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21441 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14898 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20493 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21352 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16315 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2503 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10082 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7033 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23340 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6355 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11006 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11059 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16037 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2651 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14120 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11527 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20276 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10637 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14904 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20126 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24554 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20646 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12095 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10549 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13972 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17059 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8192 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19150 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3913 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3559 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6021 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7200 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4270 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24231 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6822 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9238 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7571 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18348 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23159 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5167 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20117 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6870 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15122 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15843 is not in the dictionary
bs: 841 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5353 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9710 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13320 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17259 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17994 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23315 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17777 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4502 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13922 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15038 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3626 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19484 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6035 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17447 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24949 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14050 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22572 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8095 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1690 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24008 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4527 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17039 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2596 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21252 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12364 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7172 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1924 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6420 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12032 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11167 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10457 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22444 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8545 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6459 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13208 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22520 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1026 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5939 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22091 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3479 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8757 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5645 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10044 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14254 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22824 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9623 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17709 is not in the dictionary
bs: 429 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14389 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24252 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15462 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24678 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2819 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7343 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6936 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19353 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18309 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7961 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13548 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20609 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6894 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19159 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19558 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20057 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4147 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21292 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14272 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24739 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13106 is not in the dictionary
bs: 384 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16290 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12849 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14892 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13644 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16839 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20207 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21726 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9624 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17183 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24530 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3979 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3976 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11405 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24482 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10424 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4842 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20786 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6693 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14285 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1042 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11652 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9628 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11210 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18434 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4203 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9099 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7245 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5488 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24651 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24606 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22394 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3667 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4989 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10474 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10366 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12373 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16497 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10605 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2202 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1113 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2102 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5685 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4554 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6775 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5210 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19951 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15797 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20476 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23302 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7537 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13077 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9038 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2398 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15238 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13461 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22158 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3819 it is in the dictionary
bs: 811 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1610 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16971 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16897 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13095 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10819 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15375 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22238 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22743 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15619 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22673 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2751 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19589 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17544 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19137 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10655 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12532 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20411 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10308 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3630 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15346 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20519 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2793 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16988 is not in the dictionary
bs: 928 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11339 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22890 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12442 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2064 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2758 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8441 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6426 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11125 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14980 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13367 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18422 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14910 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16600 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24107 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18437 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5841 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7843 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16383 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12668 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19470 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18656 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15288 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18775 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18598 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6425 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3073 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12785 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16375 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13223 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18271 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1774 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14509 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6849 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22130 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22656 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1430 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21951 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24194 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14378 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6748 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22074 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4255 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6390 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21916 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6177 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12264 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9565 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11253 is not in the dictionary
bs: 895 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14895 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21175 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14542 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8160 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9064 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15509 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19566 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17571 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23255 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5583 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8421 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10850 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23800 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23952 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23581 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14888 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23726 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5016 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22067 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13754 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15193 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10479 is not in the dictionary
bs: 775 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21010 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1593 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16189 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4262 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8516 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21975 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1483 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10337 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24571 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10951 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8246 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2843 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6234 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8484 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18282 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16200 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7625 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21781 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15985 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15875 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20208 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23772 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22436 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12324 is not in the dictionary
bs: 412 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22974 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6737 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13590 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13769 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21146 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17619 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21714 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15037 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15632 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11997 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20130 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12921 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5156 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14306 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21682 is not in the dictionary
bs: 292 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12239 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19919 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2358 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5663 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24854 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5934 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3684 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7442 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24244 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1306 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13741 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17407 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18281 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20159 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13110 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19647 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1858 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5495 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20780 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4271 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23977 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20848 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2059 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3471 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6595 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24894 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18625 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8093 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3899 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17785 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23486 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8295 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14061 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13564 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13987 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4322 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8015 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19207 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18527 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19737 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7179 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21495 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15812 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23206 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8352 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10588 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13212 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16416 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21879 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19324 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23650 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19403 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20103 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16115 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21523 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21931 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2990 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6154 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15059 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2350 is not in the dictionary
bs: 97 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21332 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13777 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10987 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7057 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24502 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22275 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13459 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23322 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20070 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18397 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18460 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14055 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5185 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23770 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13916 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22308 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1326 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22045 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3093 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8594 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4769 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10160 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1528 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21898 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16757 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10615 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15935 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7395 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12200 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11640 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9937 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2499 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17796 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1874 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15661 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5112 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22013 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24021 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17317 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1636 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11521 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11356 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22242 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5426 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9340 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24614 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16926 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24840 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1334 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12035 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14452 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21096 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24508 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12223 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7773 is not in the dictionary
bs: 659 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5523 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18476 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6925 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9471 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23164 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24656 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3908 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5404 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16390 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3216 is not in the dictionary
bs: 76 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16790 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22488 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14245 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16794 is not in the dictionary
bs: 769 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2041 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4320 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15579 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3982 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7445 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4248 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18327 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23724 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24433 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5182 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17035 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19741 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2345 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6763 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22438 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12236 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7937 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24698 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4244 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23674 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18855 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19973 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7479 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9614 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10127 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1673 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14300 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20987 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20312 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14743 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6809 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1112 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3465 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11573 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3784 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9816 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21645 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14806 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8894 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7538 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2772 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12889 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20955 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13636 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12448 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6378 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24225 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21262 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19174 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2280 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6492 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19295 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11834 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1723 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19448 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5450 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13268 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3159 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10616 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20083 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9294 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12408 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12344 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24978 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18310 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18052 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17740 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3229 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3455 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20606 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2970 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23232 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18317 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13021 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13744 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20524 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4283 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1202 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20684 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8340 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10830 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6950 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17028 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11973 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22819 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17725 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22469 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13937 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24703 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2489 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16944 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13748 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24007 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14441 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18885 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21258 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16933 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21559 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6518 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11516 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16776 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5766 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18511 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20744 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8043 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11268 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21802 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5799 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20086 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8520 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22627 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22399 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17997 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21660 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5617 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17440 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3786 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5833 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1558 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7315 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1228 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7671 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12207 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8337 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19288 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17705 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18582 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9366 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23301 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21399 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9290 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22453 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21636 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5264 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6854 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14725 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22706 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1668 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8444 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22126 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5942 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9656 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14903 is not in the dictionary
bs: 658 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15786 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17140 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2823 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24510 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7273 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9983 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11934 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10513 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19202 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4084 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11523 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19476 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5293 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20038 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18914 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24972 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2329 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8782 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11927 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9868 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13218 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9726 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17677 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2446 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18504 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14872 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14595 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16655 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12164 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13389 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20052 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17874 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19029 it is in the dictionary
bs: 936 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1923 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2856 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8371 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6381 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3892 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15237 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2686 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13515 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5372 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15763 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1834 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11753 it is in the dictionary
bs: 462 is not in the dictionary
bs: 804 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12898 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15047 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8801 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21787 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10696 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8986 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15762 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21299 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7233 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24946 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12417 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13890 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23743 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14537 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4771 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14561 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16102 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23245 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8432 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19215 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9771 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1059 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19524 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18412 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21610 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19728 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19423 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2122 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14338 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2183 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2205 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16676 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17403 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13321 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10865 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16445 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3126 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23221 is not in the dictionary
bs: 75 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10104 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4114 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18485 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3362 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6206 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12168 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9812 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12165 is not in the dictionary
bs: 224 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19691 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18647 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3340 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12903 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12716 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2250 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2876 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11614 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7437 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3447 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21899 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23395 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12682 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24135 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10027 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10059 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3058 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13375 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8549 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3148 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12076 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8238 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2510 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19742 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6683 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17253 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6226 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4014 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12961 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23422 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12796 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10218 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8301 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4431 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21482 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9449 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11254 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4679 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23554 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6816 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22226 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3842 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17540 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14586 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13973 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9933 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1487 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20054 it is in the dictionary
bs: 782 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8783 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14699 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19017 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9388 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2097 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21491 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16492 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9135 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1379 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16145 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23689 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4926 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18291 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21989 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2216 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1603 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18480 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9178 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10769 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18459 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15342 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10182 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4930 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21800 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1138 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13183 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11809 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23558 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5197 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5674 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24968 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13771 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7082 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2241 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17941 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21527 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15685 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6949 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1069 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4129 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15771 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10846 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13254 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10046 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3274 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3990 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2371 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13806 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17913 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10048 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2517 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10220 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5616 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5990 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5187 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10806 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8209 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6019 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2502 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15800 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11256 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17386 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11569 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20873 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24380 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19579 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6289 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5299 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13911 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3862 is not in the dictionary
bs: 338 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17762 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14684 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14917 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17891 it is in the dictionary
bs: 574 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11495 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5228 is not in the dictionary
bs: 745 it is in the dictionary
bs: 866 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7184 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17379 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6022 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12567 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4059 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16686 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20843 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17395 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10451 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15456 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8241 is not in the dictionary
bs: 965 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13533 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10904 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5897 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10679 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20502 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17451 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6050 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16092 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7694 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4993 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14808 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19986 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6655 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4058 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12063 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6923 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1658 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6112 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7725 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13503 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5678 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16957 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5231 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4218 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5533 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6121 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17561 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24344 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9994 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8987 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19912 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22267 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7871 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4952 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24630 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2618 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11413 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5186 is not in the dictionary
bs: 787 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19216 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5339 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13599 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19275 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17343 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18435 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14385 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1887 is not in the dictionary
bs: 734 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11140 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1985 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19503 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16823 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15547 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3048 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4595 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22178 it is in the dictionary
bs: 764 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13385 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12942 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4291 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13063 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18114 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7770 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6681 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8037 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23172 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8753 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16860 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11365 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8905 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16474 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8244 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22904 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17533 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21286 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20983 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3181 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6708 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18585 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5107 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11092 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24667 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13850 is not in the dictionary
bs: 692 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22345 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15198 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4278 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16809 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5515 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4618 it is in the dictionary
bs: 512 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8478 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22327 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7068 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16641 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16927 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5684 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1581 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14318 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23969 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10879 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2181 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14922 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18351 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8449 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23899 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14353 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21421 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17600 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5276 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23320 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5701 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14566 is not in the dictionary
bs: 327 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17804 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2027 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14545 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9795 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7026 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12744 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23297 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19355 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8433 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13786 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3304 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22978 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1239 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24741 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18954 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18427 is not in the dictionary
bs: 377 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11850 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5213 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5146 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6971 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23538 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13676 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19686 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20440 is not in the dictionary
bs: 340 is not in the dictionary
bs: 129 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14999 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5659 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9494 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11205 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20636 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10803 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14085 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15074 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16543 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13568 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22985 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11069 is not in the dictionary
bs: 603 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21277 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14502 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9120 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15429 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21740 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14554 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22188 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7428 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16401 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21364 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14907 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14046 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21053 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16077 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11099 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9849 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9745 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7966 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11036 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15891 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24926 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21839 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15039 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24853 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22799 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4803 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1906 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10396 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13975 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6724 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23792 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20844 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3292 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17324 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9750 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23510 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4462 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6552 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19485 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21324 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12131 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14933 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15749 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14130 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17981 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6317 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15939 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2554 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3737 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10432 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8359 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19664 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4259 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6249 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1904 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3589 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3661 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6579 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5874 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7143 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1829 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7489 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24576 is not in the dictionary
bs: 410 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9974 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22598 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3115 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3305 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20840 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15577 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6965 is not in the dictionary
bs: 796 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17675 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1503 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20248 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22554 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17282 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16909 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22317 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6658 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7383 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18046 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4665 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5308 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21005 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12700 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14597 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21540 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8670 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14783 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19942 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5054 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10609 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11474 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14868 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6327 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15501 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3256 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15005 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10634 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16344 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2271 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5702 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19618 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11971 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24068 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7448 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12197 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12513 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16036 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7267 is not in the dictionary
bs: 394 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19087 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20995 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13977 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13876 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6998 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18409 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14627 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19601 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7609 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13150 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4444 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3700 it is in the dictionary
bs: 298 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17322 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19909 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16960 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3642 is not in the dictionary
bs: 517 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16312 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9361 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8890 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6116 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16648 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22836 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20768 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14782 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5530 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23786 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13071 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12472 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2465 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15184 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18306 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17220 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12060 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2676 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8103 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3307 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12330 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16134 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14686 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14812 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11559 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8622 is not in the dictionary
bs: 77 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1109 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3004 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3035 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21606 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13952 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14616 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5321 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2566 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11303 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14433 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18093 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14579 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18666 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24020 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21843 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19820 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1513 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18747 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7647 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8465 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6041 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20975 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8372 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13575 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2079 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17878 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15950 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13487 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2752 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7566 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10206 is not in the dictionary
bs: 324 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11983 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19273 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2630 is not in the dictionary
bs: 770 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2917 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7813 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5215 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3511 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6500 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20669 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15225 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24759 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16398 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20451 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20832 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24327 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6300 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7847 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3310 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17555 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1572 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16114 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22104 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16822 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5374 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18121 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2318 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19025 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5511 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15261 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20223 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13045 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19956 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4112 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6069 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15124 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11321 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4361 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5486 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15623 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10914 is not in the dictionary
bs: 125 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20639 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8736 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22268 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21982 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17537 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3157 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15127 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10374 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13480 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6082 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6353 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4463 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24312 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6458 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16876 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14123 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23659 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14527 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15968 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10186 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22536 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9957 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14714 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3396 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6360 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1155 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15096 is not in the dictionary
bs: 303 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5883 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21765 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15419 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10164 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19541 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2862 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20550 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5139 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4005 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17273 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24222 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7714 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8600 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11782 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22884 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18220 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20198 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3731 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24372 is not in the dictionary
bs: 318 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12059 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13883 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15857 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6704 is not in the dictionary
bs: 781 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5580 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21561 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12771 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13482 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18620 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18728 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23173 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16742 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4241 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7259 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10831 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22336 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4918 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10031 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2905 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9955 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9169 it is in the dictionary
bs: 822 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8743 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20284 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19112 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9487 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6402 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22047 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7711 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22835 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17254 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4941 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14538 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2068 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12375 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4313 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20020 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10388 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10056 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18555 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19135 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1432 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13980 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1742 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23844 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14330 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10849 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10639 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17610 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5700 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17864 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2673 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24580 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15227 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8327 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12073 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20166 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17042 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24241 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14609 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14563 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2891 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2980 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9987 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9399 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11816 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1014 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17458 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23925 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9668 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20068 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2175 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22780 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13530 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2331 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2771 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15981 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13293 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2562 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3686 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18784 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2729 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3939 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1992 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4945 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24217 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4222 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5433 it is in the dictionary
bs: 474 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13833 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12968 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20666 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19787 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24672 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17826 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17104 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19896 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11670 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19940 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10946 is not in the dictionary
bs: 691 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1185 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9232 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13147 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8903 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1752 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20610 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17828 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7717 it is in the dictionary
bs: 640 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17338 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21504 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3531 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21433 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1204 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5635 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21862 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4389 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6473 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12707 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8379 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23968 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20399 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8512 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3526 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8282 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16251 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6884 is not in the dictionary
bs: 442 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20036 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10205 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16112 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9552 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14028 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21806 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20437 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24475 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7581 is not in the dictionary
bs: 444 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13737 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1368 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11626 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7688 is not in the dictionary
bs: 719 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14387 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10244 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7254 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21185 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5110 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22372 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23233 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16939 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14467 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24957 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23618 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8271 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10371 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2279 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19144 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11725 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4869 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3794 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21537 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6207 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11953 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23583 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9086 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9927 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2615 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15018 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4794 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14565 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14006 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12087 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7573 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11473 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20915 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17194 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11265 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21693 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4085 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10412 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18708 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23716 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21348 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13291 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18641 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15466 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7792 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2155 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16302 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4054 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10577 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19409 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20872 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14377 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22707 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22571 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11200 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19591 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18675 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5116 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24354 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15282 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10799 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17203 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12147 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22356 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5249 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8731 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8825 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13871 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15747 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17195 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5556 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3217 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10763 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14331 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21371 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9036 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19764 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3795 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13993 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3583 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20707 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22137 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20855 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9364 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14857 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9664 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13580 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7083 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21632 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19455 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16918 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15427 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22466 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15349 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18595 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18684 is not in the dictionary
bs: 754 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4485 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14914 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11705 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2727 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4098 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13955 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14205 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9397 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9906 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8424 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13012 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15909 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1262 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19870 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11826 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17332 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17703 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10552 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2855 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6111 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9787 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23706 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17156 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15167 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9116 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7467 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4074 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13332 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24458 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12621 is not in the dictionary
bs: 800 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14789 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14539 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4198 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16516 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6331 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18294 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3713 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11843 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19394 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4715 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8490 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1195 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18363 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9551 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21467 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9051 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6421 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6657 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10132 it is in the dictionary
bs: 44 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3007 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7192 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8276 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3988 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11425 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11693 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8007 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9202 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9814 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18633 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10604 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18976 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3649 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13303 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14241 is not in the dictionary
bs: 977 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3197 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8368 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5222 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6463 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8761 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22672 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2589 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17435 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17535 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23901 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24089 is not in the dictionary
bs: 931 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5671 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19574 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18959 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14214 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16956 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9259 it is in the dictionary
bs: 222 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13983 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7564 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11579 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13816 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18442 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24283 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24232 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18736 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6343 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16692 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6848 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12939 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4874 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16242 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18501 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10162 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10671 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2937 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15854 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15662 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23605 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5968 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20924 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18643 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18135 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24552 is not in the dictionary
bs: 379 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19317 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10578 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18503 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16719 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6167 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21406 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10539 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10188 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16602 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10712 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15896 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2987 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17007 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10739 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8682 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16413 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23031 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15403 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24016 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12586 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2981 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22382 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6873 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14775 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18809 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17794 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4698 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13543 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11593 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18494 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13109 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17419 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4971 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8166 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4552 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17598 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10032 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18027 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7427 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20487 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4200 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7878 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11015 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18695 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3617 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15904 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17877 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17123 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18162 is not in the dictionary
bs: 921 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16502 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3760 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18607 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12133 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18683 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1276 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15750 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16287 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4651 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13882 is not in the dictionary
bs: 456 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13567 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10377 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5520 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12538 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19631 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14879 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22715 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5224 is not in the dictionary
bs: 881 is not in the dictionary
bs: 90 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16374 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9087 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4509 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9876 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13119 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18755 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7812 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11389 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9246 is not in the dictionary
bs: 798 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2232 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4390 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8984 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10750 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22531 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5935 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7675 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12943 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6551 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12161 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13870 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14192 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22023 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20942 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19609 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21042 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2586 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2641 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21092 is not in the dictionary
bs: 622 is not in the dictionary
bs: 797 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7320 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18969 is not in the dictionary
bs: 85 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15647 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20805 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14869 is not in the dictionary
bs: 382 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3801 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21496 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24373 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2407 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21712 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15701 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13828 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1564 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20396 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10952 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5670 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17306 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24581 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19661 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12633 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6160 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5561 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7724 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1468 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3076 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7663 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17650 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10980 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14614 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9454 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18853 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21002 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8772 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5819 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12188 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19243 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3724 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18179 it is in the dictionary
bs: 413 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11905 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21731 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2975 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1221 is not in the dictionary
bs: 591 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11931 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3789 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9839 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16868 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6771 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23759 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6033 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11208 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18112 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8550 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5882 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11333 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3565 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6406 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16579 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4549 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12832 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20051 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6039 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20682 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1046 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21207 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1084 is not in the dictionary
bs: 740 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18065 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8450 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14749 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2110 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1206 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13693 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5000 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24274 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20260 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21550 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1655 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4640 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9799 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11904 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23626 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6685 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11027 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16415 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17821 is not in the dictionary
bs: 870 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21145 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16420 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8493 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20028 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18398 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22698 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17998 is not in the dictionary
bs: 779 is not in the dictionary
bs: 245 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8576 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9516 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11718 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13986 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17835 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7229 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4353 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9063 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3311 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14045 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22998 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8712 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8457 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10195 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14493 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7599 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1156 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16849 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10898 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19945 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6600 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23758 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12233 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19126 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23909 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12851 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24712 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18100 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10708 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6434 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14311 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17592 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21076 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17288 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13425 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19962 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18103 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22868 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18269 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14072 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16159 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23998 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5461 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8586 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20250 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20246 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13996 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23327 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5155 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11033 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8455 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2541 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9351 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21216 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7043 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14778 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2494 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1396 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11754 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14287 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16567 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7816 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8914 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17841 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16973 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4515 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12931 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8253 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2474 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16388 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16270 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11089 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12302 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2148 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3943 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12772 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21311 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23394 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12047 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11409 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24879 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21126 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22449 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10647 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20578 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16751 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11986 is not in the dictionary
bs: 729 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11727 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22332 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13447 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6130 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13949 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9009 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22951 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18886 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18343 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16851 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19678 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3541 is not in the dictionary
bs: 111 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24205 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13226 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12616 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24137 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18240 is not in the dictionary
bs: 825 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19301 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14392 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11009 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3872 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3207 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19854 it is in the dictionary
bs: 988 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9510 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23778 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12601 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22339 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1434 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8542 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10988 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10153 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5451 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12118 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12295 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18729 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24833 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11453 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12868 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16237 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2019 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12675 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14741 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19444 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19058 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22147 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6136 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17611 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11182 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2194 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14093 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11582 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23601 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8300 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7136 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20672 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23204 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2276 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21143 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4257 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2516 is not in the dictionary
bs: 763 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21468 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12483 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8511 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12102 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19659 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13406 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9155 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8595 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8407 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22328 is not in the dictionary
bs: 471 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20402 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1102 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6059 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1889 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2833 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5715 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2475 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16414 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3109 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12215 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2547 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16724 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24497 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15665 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24874 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2537 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3845 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19420 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24325 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15914 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4574 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21736 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24406 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13256 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5109 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16074 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12654 it is in the dictionary
bs: 122 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22544 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11767 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8373 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13309 is not in the dictionary
bs: 192 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5584 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20199 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22303 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24701 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13079 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21512 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10910 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1754 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6531 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18745 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7988 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24445 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16990 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5160 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19970 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19390 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15946 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14668 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11281 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6842 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4036 is not in the dictionary
bs: 385 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14149 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14275 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3439 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10094 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5279 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22962 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6660 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19876 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18028 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6230 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8090 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2609 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21215 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7099 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1294 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12109 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4963 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23804 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12846 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21872 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4072 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13504 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22632 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16490 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7762 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13606 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16775 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18894 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20077 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10894 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5855 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13795 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24912 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15511 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4749 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24390 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9645 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11500 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3259 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10321 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19030 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23405 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13353 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5487 is not in the dictionary
bs: 712 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7013 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20465 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7055 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16400 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14416 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24990 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4523 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22830 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8410 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6400 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11713 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10243 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14402 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1797 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2598 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20182 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18630 is not in the dictionary
bs: 93 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17460 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5949 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20202 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23997 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14692 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24377 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11564 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21376 is not in the dictionary
bs: 520 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20888 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21854 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22963 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1683 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24381 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23848 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10010 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16229 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8360 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18845 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4415 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1504 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15614 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3379 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11922 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10642 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16562 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14284 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16447 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12677 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7316 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5889 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11098 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19013 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5267 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15757 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8927 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22088 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23847 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12220 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12391 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4405 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9005 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15223 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18544 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23046 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24572 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21281 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5073 is not in the dictionary
bs: 337 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8530 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9200 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1970 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1442 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13002 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1161 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6900 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11341 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22999 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16426 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5521 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5021 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23397 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14876 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10293 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19480 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17436 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12397 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23871 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14754 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10892 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18339 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7784 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6767 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9881 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4624 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16460 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21598 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5248 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17352 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3537 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23922 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6462 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21826 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10978 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16222 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5164 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1773 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3428 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3956 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15748 is not in the dictionary
bs: 530 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17546 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2468 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20753 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10829 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7928 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5095 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8778 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3995 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12624 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9468 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5063 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3063 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5292 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22184 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6927 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7542 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15837 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7766 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22534 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3578 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7732 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17987 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18048 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15113 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23947 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7342 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10290 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21088 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19111 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19684 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7282 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14613 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16982 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11732 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5547 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24289 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17074 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3486 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6964 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12010 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23381 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10426 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2736 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10645 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20278 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4668 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3969 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19078 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11499 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10352 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12813 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23444 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5140 it is in the dictionary
bs: 995 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7160 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23138 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5956 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12259 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22247 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20885 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1638 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12240 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14037 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23279 is not in the dictionary
bs: 98 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13831 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10813 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6085 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7828 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12509 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13216 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11240 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3187 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4628 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6448 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4600 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18490 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3254 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21966 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15613 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6030 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22800 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13462 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18901 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13529 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3441 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24155 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16094 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24730 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14468 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15183 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18009 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22092 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10495 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9319 is not in the dictionary
bs: 978 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14103 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8941 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19133 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17453 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24834 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1583 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20671 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20759 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16035 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8606 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19862 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24266 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1707 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12977 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3645 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13265 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15270 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2678 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22388 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1685 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20591 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4323 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12457 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12493 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11581 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18821 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10254 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24209 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22186 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10834 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17757 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17047 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24573 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14232 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20300 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20410 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18464 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15356 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15982 it is in the dictionary
bs: 65 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15453 is not in the dictionary
bs: 201 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20053 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4357 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20776 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4050 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9235 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9519 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1759 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10013 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8551 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10140 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2971 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17923 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23515 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1088 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12599 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6173 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22946 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23971 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5371 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13978 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17672 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13476 is not in the dictionary
bs: 308 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17992 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21548 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21453 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12463 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14342 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23132 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15367 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2354 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4589 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14137 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18421 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11860 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15977 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2164 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16571 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2809 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19402 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13718 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1017 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11629 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12639 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21018 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23855 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8395 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22489 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23501 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24616 is not in the dictionary
bs: 460 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4967 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20702 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19064 it is in the dictionary
bs: 961 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14519 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19811 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11154 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6451 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14629 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18125 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22212 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19419 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2708 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16412 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4906 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2724 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5298 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18878 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4753 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14253 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22587 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10422 is not in the dictionary
bs: 588 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18259 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5999 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10710 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11630 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14077 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16638 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18467 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4947 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17470 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15569 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23654 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24900 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8630 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18825 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19707 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20604 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18772 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5987 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24909 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20849 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5045 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12651 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22315 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22500 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21695 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15634 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8673 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13801 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10307 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12502 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19280 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6062 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13323 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14705 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19057 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7460 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22380 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15151 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14504 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3090 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20607 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22194 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24632 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24295 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15892 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3903 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6263 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19082 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7000 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16276 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4282 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22297 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16394 it is in the dictionary
bs: 34 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4130 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15869 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8643 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13352 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21470 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2959 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16509 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10929 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4121 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11457 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1872 is not in the dictionary
bs: 741 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19768 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5895 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15768 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23667 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24069 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20354 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2190 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1711 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23720 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1316 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9222 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19456 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20962 is not in the dictionary
bs: 533 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16515 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8692 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7776 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23271 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12044 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1576 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8102 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1585 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8297 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14626 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3015 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19153 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7207 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7389 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24849 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23477 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1219 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21264 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17490 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12625 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18219 is not in the dictionary
bs: 174 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15174 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16774 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14327 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3046 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2626 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7210 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22897 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19071 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1338 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13665 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18562 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6606 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5331 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8038 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20766 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6077 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2871 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11071 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20461 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18455 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21288 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2315 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17899 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1808 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22570 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4494 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12202 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4870 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9056 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11728 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24531 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8640 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4406 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11418 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6939 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12539 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21442 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1747 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7699 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14861 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5051 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23057 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9127 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14315 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7281 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17956 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20479 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8258 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2096 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8018 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12661 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12327 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3618 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13904 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2582 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6731 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10918 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18040 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2459 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23783 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16332 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24187 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9415 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15086 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11175 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21049 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20737 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4243 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21498 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21077 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10316 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13019 is not in the dictionary
bs: 976 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16578 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5798 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12352 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5499 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18438 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1163 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12923 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1995 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14871 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16380 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24144 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6823 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14637 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2457 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17147 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22738 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16691 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8136 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24810 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15850 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23130 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7101 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7474 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18709 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7134 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14431 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1598 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23966 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10303 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19822 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23148 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4027 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12290 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12187 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17567 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2087 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13473 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21789 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10434 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11187 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4717 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18484 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5734 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14940 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13729 is not in the dictionary
bs: 703 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18571 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23797 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19711 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10196 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12518 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24664 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4019 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7835 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8510 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12542 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12080 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8818 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17512 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23081 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23793 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23236 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6438 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15971 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9892 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9790 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19452 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22615 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6760 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6829 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10313 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15719 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24567 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20292 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16355 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20122 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10675 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10751 is not in the dictionary
bs: 708 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14731 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1947 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15845 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8785 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18413 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22216 it is in the dictionary
bs: 897 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18374 is not in the dictionary
bs: 54 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11038 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10820 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10124 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3584 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12740 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5796 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4524 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10923 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1577 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7023 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5821 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24881 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10428 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13340 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6247 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11962 it is in the dictionary
bs: 716 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3663 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5423 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7392 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9391 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7256 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1308 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6422 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17624 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19399 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9613 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12082 is not in the dictionary
bs: 836 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5390 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12151 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19119 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16370 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24374 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4367 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5695 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3130 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7166 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6006 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22737 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7241 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6225 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11157 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8615 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17150 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17932 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15666 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3879 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8188 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11998 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24935 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1965 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21196 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8476 it is in the dictionary
bs: 164 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23869 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5960 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19044 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16576 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15390 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20023 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3497 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15924 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5028 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8777 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2581 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3138 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16878 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14727 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14212 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1216 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17936 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22346 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7297 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22118 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8695 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12292 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11486 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9091 is not in the dictionary
bs: 371 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8252 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4861 is not in the dictionary
bs: 927 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19996 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9159 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21009 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7139 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1600 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8077 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13341 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6398 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6280 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22911 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15084 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1395 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19175 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18864 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13044 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16065 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8439 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9963 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24991 is not in the dictionary
bs: 468 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21301 is not in the dictionary
bs: 242 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8156 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21836 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15129 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17383 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24773 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22148 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21774 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1794 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4650 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6815 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11681 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14202 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15832 is not in the dictionary
bs: 629 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2080 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5720 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15890 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13454 it is in the dictionary
bs: 480 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8718 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7457 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13074 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8223 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19653 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2720 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7801 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8413 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20657 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7105 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20688 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13253 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19026 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19407 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18806 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19985 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9669 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20981 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14750 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11913 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4067 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17679 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14400 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11212 is not in the dictionary
bs: 669 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15974 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1421 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7751 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23014 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6145 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9686 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23975 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6813 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10788 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10840 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24172 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5114 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15439 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21021 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18644 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5392 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11431 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5254 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9207 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23543 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1415 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6855 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1710 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2741 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12086 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3991 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2632 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2105 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14842 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11335 is not in the dictionary
bs: 57 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24802 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7621 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11949 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11935 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13667 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12411 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14594 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8974 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15112 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8497 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22368 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10895 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11343 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12556 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5460 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8613 is not in the dictionary
bs: 994 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6196 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1506 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6617 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23709 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4433 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18985 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2263 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12021 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17746 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21283 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11647 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14362 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20116 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6055 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4550 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3100 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21846 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20870 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7242 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16431 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18385 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17031 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17204 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15860 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14593 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16041 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17771 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12150 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1166 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13190 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12122 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3822 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10336 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5189 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15996 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7643 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16185 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11358 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21952 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10842 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10955 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20315 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5823 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2191 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9293 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14744 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24936 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21489 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7255 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22803 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12530 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15769 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19626 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18322 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4815 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15980 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1010 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5203 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16097 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11047 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3042 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17553 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4169 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11147 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1189 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24704 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21155 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3841 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23951 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23868 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7077 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20380 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17302 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24466 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21542 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6371 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5078 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22511 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17323 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23523 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24624 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19669 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1675 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14446 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5240 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19744 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11123 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23944 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22756 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8848 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12946 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10793 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1094 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8560 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9134 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19846 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10327 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20741 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22241 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3556 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23093 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17606 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7022 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23037 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5198 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20714 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8832 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9172 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14127 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21229 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18941 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4513 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20817 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13739 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1916 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18411 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6856 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19282 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23935 is not in the dictionary
bs: 381 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6232 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17405 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24842 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2613 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17142 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22172 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2528 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12748 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17631 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20172 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13484 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14884 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9636 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4614 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1267 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5619 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17130 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11397 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3160 is not in the dictionary
bs: 949 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15897 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15033 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19550 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22589 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16539 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9887 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14198 is not in the dictionary
bs: 362 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13173 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13637 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1961 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15438 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15965 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23943 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7601 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2160 is not in the dictionary
bs: 868 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20040 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24263 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13286 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7931 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7286 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23436 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21500 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5540 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9050 is not in the dictionary
bs: 847 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6970 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8466 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1251 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22547 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22972 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9258 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24574 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20825 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20826 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17562 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20087 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6508 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16083 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12229 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3085 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22943 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11505 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16095 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12928 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17831 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10886 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2513 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11129 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18495 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13700 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23658 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19061 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16093 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7294 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24132 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5839 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8408 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12712 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4499 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14286 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21036 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6203 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21528 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12603 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11420 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6742 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9832 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15376 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19749 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1686 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17934 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12000 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12637 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22173 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7262 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5477 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15627 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9269 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3717 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5594 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20583 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17684 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21459 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1798 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13982 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11058 is not in the dictionary
bs: 983 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14066 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22783 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1127 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15798 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10982 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11080 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7909 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2320 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23973 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12291 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14488 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16873 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7198 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23744 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2005 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20875 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10324 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7495 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19772 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18403 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2866 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23631 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2247 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15423 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16071 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4369 it is in the dictionary
bs: 9772 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21607 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19182 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18936 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13272 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11807 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11048 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12376 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9188 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20978 is not in the dictionary
bs: 358 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7535 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6423 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5566 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24159 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20325 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4882 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24884 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23478 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14464 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3799 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2128 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12116 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3785 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5648 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1241 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11306 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2415 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21960 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9721 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3733 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21047 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10351 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3371 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7971 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11712 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3884 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11463 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13304 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8626 is not in the dictionary
bs: 147 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8237 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23101 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22402 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20590 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11165 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5791 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6212 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10567 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10171 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3078 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3260 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1778 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21746 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9650 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8256 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2157 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9090 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7419 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6354 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10964 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2687 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19667 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11402 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12479 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19272 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21202 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16324 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24857 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24045 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18336 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19693 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12642 it is in the dictionary
bs: 2399 is not in the dictionary
bs: 537 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11300 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5008 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22446 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5201 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14798 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13814 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14518 it is in the dictionary
bs: 23938 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13492 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8182 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21915 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22599 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3846 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12920 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10390 is not in the dictionary
bs: 265 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16569 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4010 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13015 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2982 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8087 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6938 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22502 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22256 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6725 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8973 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15573 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4653 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8942 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18918 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19515 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18841 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22994 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8988 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17265 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13573 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8871 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21812 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9823 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18807 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12784 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14352 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13865 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14632 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20263 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22610 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13560 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11141 is not in the dictionary
bs: 455 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11025 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4615 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2624 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13042 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9436 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7133 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16589 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3788 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14373 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9532 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1272 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15164 is not in the dictionary
bs: 238 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22179 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7359 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15823 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20651 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7553 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18130 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17406 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6803 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16141 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20353 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13026 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11591 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10527 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19197 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15916 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11612 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19257 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24674 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10103 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13953 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6597 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13420 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6123 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5857 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18843 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17938 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16595 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16116 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6548 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17787 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4636 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5322 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13721 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15926 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10782 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11013 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2784 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22742 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7710 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23365 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16235 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15874 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10688 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22751 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17146 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14737 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13827 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9072 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20035 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24332 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18846 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16954 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11738 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1023 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7891 is not in the dictionary
bs: 653 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14543 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9314 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21841 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13395 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24994 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8610 is not in the dictionary
bs: 68 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1231 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19310 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8173 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14484 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19121 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9908 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16446 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7932 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17457 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22501 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8831 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21713 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5062 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10582 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16204 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21356 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7544 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4859 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13281 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13803 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17494 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17393 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3108 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8963 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11870 it is in the dictionary
bs: 18261 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1290 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13965 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1914 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2240 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9549 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2701 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6256 is not in the dictionary
bs: 430 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5250 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10899 it is in the dictionary
bs: 6329 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8233 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9499 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9531 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5576 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3691 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7904 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17847 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12477 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11054 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3677 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5370 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13713 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2628 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2910 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17815 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20099 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7102 is not in the dictionary
bs: 109 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23421 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9439 it is in the dictionary
bs: 16793 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15586 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4055 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2956 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23730 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8840 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2886 is not in the dictionary
bs: 920 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7889 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12205 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22350 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21792 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14432 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14501 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5324 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9448 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15978 is not in the dictionary
bs: 145 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7943 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11734 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14040 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13745 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1573 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21192 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15696 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19644 it is in the dictionary
bs: 21594 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15792 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5142 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21900 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19987 it is in the dictionary
bs: 17170 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15386 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18888 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9485 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8171 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4456 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14556 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13826 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24247 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10113 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24160 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1860 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13443 it is in the dictionary
bs: 415 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15533 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13456 it is in the dictionary
bs: 5563 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11001 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19279 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24577 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21051 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17524 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2773 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21412 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12026 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6862 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18395 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9505 is not in the dictionary
bs: 594 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7927 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13417 it is in the dictionary
bs: 19255 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8048 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23415 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24817 is not in the dictionary
bs: 677 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4923 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23109 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8763 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12581 it is in the dictionary
bs: 22804 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11763 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1008 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5059 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8705 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1665 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16142 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3568 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17181 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20868 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14423 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9030 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9380 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19474 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14150 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17461 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5664 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14250 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17483 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12957 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21941 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16101 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13064 it is in the dictionary
bs: 15339 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20221 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15004 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18447 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11586 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3361 is not in the dictionary
bs: 955 is not in the dictionary
bs: 3132 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23290 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19883 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6444 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23230 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10943 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20464 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18230 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18007 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20183 it is in the dictionary
bs: 14932 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6368 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8573 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16565 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14152 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15454 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19784 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22826 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9372 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15482 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20899 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20792 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16160 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2176 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20048 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1337 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1973 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11245 is not in the dictionary
bs: 331 it is in the dictionary
bs: 12042 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17315 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8495 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8273 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23383 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8064 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22749 is not in the dictionary
bs: 23780 is not in the dictionary
bs: 727 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4752 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4315 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12142 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16626 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4895 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2272 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1810 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16009 is not in the dictionary
bs: 299 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24075 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2723 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1192 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8481 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20732 it is in the dictionary
bs: 3870 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14380 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13755 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15938 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16437 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5784 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14814 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24960 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16294 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21985 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19873 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13048 it is in the dictionary
bs: 7291 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14712 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10991 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22132 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17903 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9747 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8294 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24749 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11768 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19228 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9958 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20621 it is in the dictionary
bs: 349 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9751 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15384 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16555 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4179 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20667 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20110 it is in the dictionary
bs: 11395 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24841 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9890 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4267 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1278 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6415 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22561 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14761 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10156 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11143 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17117 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15902 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15600 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10802 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6602 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2712 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4792 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20576 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2421 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8431 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13096 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16768 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21238 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19695 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13011 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1311 it is in the dictionary
bs: 13359 it is in the dictionary
bs: 24964 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5115 it is in the dictionary
bs: 8708 is not in the dictionary
bs: 18781 is not in the dictionary
bs: 22661 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11785 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2213 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9171 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17041 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2973 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7713 it is in the dictionary
bs: 4671 it is in the dictionary
bs: 1828 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12663 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2323 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21663 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12114 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7516 is not in the dictionary
bs: 15048 is not in the dictionary
bs: 17172 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20450 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21287 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9419 is not in the dictionary
bs: 6294 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7283 is not in the dictionary
bs: 24438 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21430 is not in the dictionary
bs: 10279 is not in the dictionary
bs: 4091 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2965 is not in the dictionary
bs: 5815 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1743 is not in the dictionary
bs: 12201 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9951 is not in the dictionary
bs: 9012 is not in the dictionary
bs: 8853 is not in the dictionary
bs: 14293 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11937 is not in the dictionary
bs: 19361 is not in the dictionary
bs: 20765 is not in the dictionary
bs: 7296 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13625 it is in the dictionary
bs: 10249 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2546 is not in the dictionary
bs: 13597 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2930 is not in the dictionary
bs: 11477 it is in the dictionary
bs: 20174 is not in the dictionary
bs: 21306 is not in the dictionary
bs: 1291 is not in the dictionary
bs: 2074 is not in the dictionary
bs: 16680 is not in the dictionary
la media de bs de buscar es 6 clicks y 0.0065116 milisegundos.
